You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and never one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here to talk to you about circles and strangers.
And you know that a confidence usually is something that was dropped somewhere else.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a stage.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolly.
It's the complicated circle of what I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
When they were beaten to get every week in the bathroom bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life to allow me to go into the bathroom room.
I did it in secret.
I was three years old.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California, I found an lover, and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at the middle of the night I got a phone call of that teacher, the lady said he said, "I need to see you.
I'm despite adults, we never get to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see, we laughed up, and we realized that she needed to be a hospital.
We found a place, and we tried it, and we took care of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to meet as adults came to me, it became a box box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, had become a circle -- and that factory that I spoke to you to do in itself.
The hurdy-gurdy is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save it.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today is talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interactive.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first computers.
I was amazed.
My heart literally fast, I was search, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The computers around me to come out of the water almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't think that it was a piece of snow about another time a year after year.
The iceberg are born when they fall out of the glaciers or they break out the ice bar.
Every iceberg has their own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and your experiences.
Some people refuse to retrote and percolate until the end, while others cannot hold it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a computer, which are isolated isolated and alone, very much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As you melted a computer, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As you melted a temperature releases water fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these temperatures as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments exist that way, and they won't exist in that way again.
It's not death when they melt it, it's not a end, but a continuation of your way for the cycle of life.
Part of the team of the computers that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last photos I would like to show you are from a computer that I photographed in Kenyani, Greenland.
It's little frequent to really get to present a powerful computer.
You have it.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the computer and your line of the talk.
You can see here, you start rolling around, the ship has moved towards the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a computer from Greenland.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a baby -- OK.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the concept, because if you stop thinking about the conception.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X X of the egg.
And in the other case, the X X of sperm is joined to the X X of the egg.
They both lose and started life.
Let's go back to talk about them.
In my activity I would have two roles.
In one of my roles work, I work with the story of the anatomy.
I'm a historian story, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered the body fluids.
The other role that I hope in my work is an activist, as a patient of patients or, as I say sometimes important of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working with, for example, with simple twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with angles, people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in the male communications and conventional communities.
In general lines, we can call it interaction.
And the admitted adopted many ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't be carefully carefully in the male or female form forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with a democratic basis that gene the communication of the chromosome and tells the protections, that we all have in the ultimate life, which are being made.
And then, in the final life, the obstacles are producing testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same thing.
It's the support of institutional resistance.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a result, the body is developed following a typically female course.
When it does, the baby has a little girl.
It's a little girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when it's growing and developing the sounds but doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is happening.
After making it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and soil, actually it has obstacles and a chromosome.
What's important to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supermarket blacks.
They're at the top of the body.
The supernormal glands produce angle, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me consider a typical woman, I don't know how to be a typical structure -- I think it's a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the angles.
We produce angles and we respond to the innovations.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the Aboriginal than the woman who was born with obstacles that have the syndrome of insignificance to the angles.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the international beings are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a many of 19 years born and raised as a voice, he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I had a life like a guy and just found out that he had various and cute.
It had a kind of extreme way of a disease known as a technical careful opportunity.
It had symbolic chromosomes and in the womb.
As a result, their genitals were basically, their brain was exposed to the normal common component completely more.
I was born with a little bit of kid, no one suspect anything.
And it went at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal intervention, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman.
Well, another example of an accessible case.
Some people with chromosomes are developing what's known as supercomputers, which is to say, they have email tissue wrapped in the potential tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there's lots of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies -- whether it's a bear -- sometimes simple, or incredible twins, or international surgery, are not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have a female identity, and it will be black, it means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with capture.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic idealism.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born like two people within a body.
The most logical case is the past year with the South African Arts Same Sea -- he stood in a row of trial in the International Olympics.
A lot of reporters called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Santa Board is man or women?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't map a line in front of men and women or men and self-drivers and women and sexual beings and women and safetys -- we are all of us who we map that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought of these categories -- that we thought of these categories that were concerned directly with internal internal categories -- are much more discovered than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology enables me.
As we see, we get into a strange terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to forget about the fact that they are in just a few little bits?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we handle are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the aspects of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the determinations.
There are very analytical discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- I mean, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moves you still didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving the way.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we must face the dilemma to really determine the death of somebody -- and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could achieve someone like me.
In policy I'm a progressive, saying to people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
To answer that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about me.
Take from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a death one of the founding parents.
I know they were barrically, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much watching that music carefully carefully and not by music, which is totally particularly.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another who was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as you all remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the momming. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy as well.
The management of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the blood blood concept.
They were from the idea that it became the political power by the right of blood blood from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new academic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences -- that was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a frustrated system where two things.
It was taking democracy and at the same time was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the World parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were being distributed from the supernatural explanations and therefore they reject the concept of a distributed supernatural power of a birth of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were getting the idea of the academic coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeed.
Then I came to the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the sandwich of Sarah Toronto, who said, "Isn't I a momentum?
We found men in the dating of Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who would engage the analytical coincidence about the academic difference and again, they succeed.
We see the same thing with the Michael movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking why we keep certain choices.
But attention, I want to keep some academic decisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should give us to the anatomy to the anatomy here.
I don't mean that five year-old kids should allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some academic decisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keeping them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two creatures, both known in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary. I was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Heyeward, in contrast, was born in the end, was born on the March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that he had been born three months before Mary got attributed every three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent -- the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Heyeward, in virtue of being considered a man -- though I haven't told you if it is 11, in virtue of being considered a man now is particular of the mandatory discovery that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mark, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to the marriage.
Henry can be married in every state with a woman, but Mary can marry with a woman just in some states.
So they still have academic categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could democratize?
I don't want to give science to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is being scanned.
Where do we go.
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a weird position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have a chromosome and that to marry with a woman you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't make people make male tests.
But this is also very strange as the story that I told you about the beginning of the syndrome syndrome to the Internet.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I do describe a solution.
It says that we should judge people by bank people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their crazy, going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good enough.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do people judge people based on their creator?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I've been able to admit that I know about some of these resources that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships that people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the construction of creative?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me wondered what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still taking this awareness of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've made a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to make a good job in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context like the Iranian who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless it's willing to go to a sex shift, in which case it would be allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a few years ago that I had done a little bit of light to get them back and so on.
But when the phone asked the motivation of the operation, it was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country these kids would be very upset and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum. Instead of the recording distributed?
The United States provides huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the Bush good.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the Mars.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in international, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interest me is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about frugal studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my teachers I knew I was interested in the feminism -- I was considered feminist -- as I was now, he made me a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminist has of members?
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes -- so there's nothing feminine in the devil."
But the more I thought about his question, most of it has been something feminine in the management.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us closer to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very happy to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, of having increased more mothers to this concept, perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the record of the record.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anthropologist, thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect one, let's think about what we do about each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where it wants to go and work, you have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new accidents.
Well, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their cost of construction.
So easily we could get the world to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this might sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were propositions and that in the other half still would be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity making implications in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the destruction of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those specifically.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a whole new building building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it on.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, low states.
Later than I learned that more or less at the same time, David and Richard were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year around 75,000 people would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Paul English has been converted with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked Rickets to be his head of generation.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of physical phone, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of low cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you cannot go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need a lot of technologies like rules to progress, and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent him to Robert a link with the TED.
I showed it to Kairobe.
They called me.
They said, "Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their community cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York. Notice -- that in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Richard said, "Parachute, maybe we could see the video of the talk of the Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a sad city is a place where you start with unemployed terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that will be applied, and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras. And he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for us to go forward.
He asked me to go to Texa and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, which I tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Seattle and the white line is the new airport that was built in Venice.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the adults that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that was firmly at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world was acting concerned.
The faces of the public were very serious and strength.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said, "Professor Roman, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TED.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be able to be in Alexanders, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders would need help of access countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help us to establish and make the standards of the status -- so that everyone could trust that the state effectively comes together.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a thousand square kilometers.
And soon after the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to improve their constitution and add a constitutional position that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress to the favor of this constitutional community was 14 to one.
All of the parties in the society, the responsibility.
To include in the Science, you have to test twice in Congress.
The 17 of the February passed again in another presentation, 14 to one.
Immediately, after the voting of the presentation, 21 to 24 percent February, a 30 percent delegation was to the two places in the world who are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is being built in South Korea, which is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after spending four years getting the promised.
The other interested country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this protected, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and at the time it would allow to operate under a external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow your Supreme Court to be the third amount of the last instant for this new judicial system.
There are buildings and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've solved is that they have a good number of humans.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free commercial zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately elsewhere.
There's a million dollars a year from Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they're wild mothers who have to earn money for so just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it like to think about building a new city in Handra?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it like to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new deserts?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my adult friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Kissin, and this is my journey.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that, live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought and collected and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of male markets and states in a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my sprawn in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know people interestingly interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buy it into my personal search for sex.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my strange?
Am I going to like the color?
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel like I've won.
Going back to the theme of my journey, I want to tell you what I was doing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you have all that rocket?
So I'm going to show you exactly what he brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, and nothing else.
It played interior for exactly a week is all I've put in my journey.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after you get to Palm Particular.
And because I don't know how the woman walks for TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the games for this week.
Does it not sound interesting.
While I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call it bad table.
You don't have to spend much money to look good.
You can hardly see you for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Line, the color is energy.
It's almost biologically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is very surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to be increased.
I just know yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you won't just understand you as well.
Michael, Good of the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the designers, or I remember their little age of seven years.
I like to tell you and say, "Thank you."
Rives: The trust is key.
If you think you look at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see -- a universal truth six words for you: the broadcasted penguins go with everything.
And finally, an own sort of personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again, when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little journey.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited to these things, because on the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright suit, if there is a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's completely intuitive.
So where would you get your brain in this scale?
Some would opt for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the characteristics of this audience, your brain is something like this, with a great attitude in both of these strands at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most of the other physical quantum physicists, we need pretty much logic to reconcile these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this international? Well, we like to play with things.
We put together with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed with the year of the years is that one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't do with this non-compassion, they developed it.
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell.
But I bet the playing with that parking barrier teaches a precious lesson: and it is that big things don't allow the strangers, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point we found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't get very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't really get to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanical?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see he's been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point in the middle.
That's the metal metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a perfectly big approach to the little metal transportation.
What we see is a little metal picture, with form of springboard and that it will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this opposite with form of pathology that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for that needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a street alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come out of doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that and the wind that happens to the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to engage all the other steps.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree for the absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the head, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly still, I was looking at it, and the way it was vibrating was like a breathing of this form -- as a sign that expands and contract.
And by giving it a smooth supply, we could make it open and not open at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does that mean that a thing is vibrating and doesn't open at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all the atoms of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain ways when those are fluid.
In the rest of the time they're described.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the entire piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It goes out to me in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal metal is more or less the same than the difference between that metal picture and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How would your consciousness act if your body was discovered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and we look inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just consumers in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the depth of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museum and art to my boss that is here and he allowed me to bring it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories, it protected it with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories why we did.
I think my own story is explained simply on this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Green of a great education -- not complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
So better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from your launch.
So we just go to Coloradian.
Look around all the museums.
It's the God Galaya, the Manhattan, the King, the Brothering, the Van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Motherman, the museum of art in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and done, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the screen?
We opened up the flat planet, and with one click we jump in.
They're inside, you want to go to the end of the walk.
Keep forward. They define it.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't gotten to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Philippiness of Peter Brown in the Motherman.
I look at the system.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click up there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the general technology.
So this picture, for example, I think, about 10 million pixels of them.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get to 10 million penguins?
So I'm going to show you what you really get about 10 million hits.
It can be made around a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to get deeper in.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this sounds interesting.
And I came in, and I found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I spoke to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually found that this is a game called "decoration?
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you really can get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little perspective to give you a little perspective -- I'm going to go through the image, so you see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to look at the pinks?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece treatment?
It increases it and really I do.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the Hotel "The street "The Hill "I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things over here, but I don't have time to show them.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Somebody called "The School."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a sing, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum to create their own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go, -- I've created this function that I call "the power of the monkey: we just made a hole around.
It's about "The Broadcasters at the National Gallery of London.
You can act things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these masterpieces on your hands.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes it justice to your artwork and it's actually represented online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum "I was "What?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a picture, a flying pink.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin -- all kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the roads of Formula one in the last two decades.
It does a long time ago, if you wanted to win a face of Formula 1, I took a budget and I would hold it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering is going to be called control control in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and a application.
What's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronic networks.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
Giving cities is something big.
As I noticed that the cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big thing.
Beyond the cities, all these detectors and actions are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Paleonant Paleonant exhibition for a year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The "Montana "The Montana "The "Minem"
Well, our objects, the environment, they start talking.
In some way, it's as though almost all of the existing atoms would become sensors and actions.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we as humans have with external environment.
In some sense, it's almost like the old dream of Minister Lego.
You know, when Millennium Gene sculpted the Michaels, he says that in the end, he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- in fact, you can still see a little molecule -- and he said, "When you said, "Do you know "Well, why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and I understand in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with fortune in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup here.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Big gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end wins.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity is happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the California in the middle and the Earth River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon. There are people around here, and there you call them, moving around.
It starts the match, silence.
Hi in France. Giles of Italy.
In addition, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the real time.
First extra time, second one second.
But in a moment, the head.
Galaxy Italy, yeah!
That night was going to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everyone went into the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everyone went down.
You see the image of the place called Rio Microneum where, from the time, people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example of detection is not about people, but of things that we use and consume it.
Today, we know everything about our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that form a Mac -- how they find.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its space through the system.
We started with a bunch of volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year ago, label what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would get.
Then we put a little chip, a tag tag -- to the trash and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many differences in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw one day still goes there.
And if you show that to people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague of MIT, And Associate Darwinians, could tell us much more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act over the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Barbarine.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and said that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in the architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and the valves of solutions, solar valves that open and shut up.
It's created as a glass of water, with water pictures.
If you cross the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text texts.
And when we zoom closer, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bolly Ball.
It liked a lot of it.
And it is a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Egypt.
We call it Dalley of Digital water.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows anymore, but when you approach it to open so you can happen.
The roof is also covered from water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the screens, you get down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and who said, "Let's define the building."
No, it's not that they have it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture away.
This is in working.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to do not to get away the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened once all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Barbarine came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open to let you, but a building that kept making slices and holes of water and you had to jump to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, that moves with others in symptoms.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the particles.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could have a cloud of pixels in 3D, which you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real floating Forest, going down to form a Vietnam, like earlier.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best bank dancers. The star of New York City and the Scotland of Millennium -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as the input for the Fertal.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels in different solutions.
It's so much 3D digital time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can turn all the road.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and retrievation.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Fertal.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the grandmother, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everyone put a little bit for a picture.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two decades, the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can go from the digital world, of power programmers of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol of it.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to tackle the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do you go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are penguins.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered of examples.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
It can be seen from below, to be able to share the main moments of the Olympics Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital statement at night, but the most important thing is that being a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate and more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be stronger to have more resistance, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves.
How about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to like?
What if you could choose anything?
(Music of Audience: Wischets: Creative.
How many people chose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. It probably was due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many chose disappears?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about the legacy?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a serious theme here at the TED Conference but today I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, Taliban Anderson, which was also in the Church Orthodox Russian, wrote a stage called "Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of "The Wildin Lincoln."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Do you mean other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well, in a end, it is, of course, the one that we're interested in.
We removed a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There is maybe 20 or 25 different species of humans.
Some have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat the distributed?
This is not like human forest, but it's the same protein, completely indistinguishable that comes out of the pancreas coming out of it.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Perhaps 10 times more.
I mean, do you think about -- when Antonio Morano raises the magnetic of the magnetic, think about the bacterials?
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's cliche, dark, fear, it's very collective.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of their part.
It really is as a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some sort of rough openness towards the output.
But therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are we willing to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the contradicted?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief community, the animal kingdom, as one single company companies, and human life, a small note.
That was us.
And it was the internal part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I came back to college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the multicellular organisms, each cell simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the city.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the invisibility of death death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was college student, I thought, well, sex, sex -- death sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Brown, who still acted in Las Vegas fine in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits her hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of it, he finds a magnificent bird of clothes.
And he looks at it and says, "I come looking for a sex section."
"It says, "OK, George says, "I chose the support."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working on a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contractor, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to get healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is in spending the genome to the next generation and adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a result rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next legal level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen said when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality.
I want to make it not disappear."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the louder or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the simple bacteria that can survive the heat of the changes that would happen, if there were fish there, fish access to the cow, yet they've been able to make that a collective environment.
So, what does this mean this, when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if you look forward to the stage? I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first, we have been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been described and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species -- we have confirmed our environment to be adapted to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we look, we care, and we feed ourselves so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to happen.
One second possibility is that it produced an evolution of traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the increasing of evolution will roll slowly, but they're incredible.
And in terms of isolation when as we sort of put different planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The device is called the new evolution, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we think about the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variables than women.
It's not necessarily good for society but is what is generated to individual and family.
They think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic change for eliminating diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reducing the risk of cancer or eliminating the particular car?
Do you want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13.
I spent 2.7 million dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost at the cost of 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to take a lot to make the genome reality for 1,000 and be more and more to the scope of everyone.
Those changes.
The same technology that the human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against cancer in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the back?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just other two little changes."
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their desert?
What if they could change the sperm and the violence, or change the very low resources, and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating the diabetes, eliminating the democratic, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt supercomputers -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Kennedy especially if you could get it on the next generation of the Bangladesh machine.
Why don't you have a faster muscle that would allow us to run faster and more different?
Why not living longer.
This is going to be a brilliant thing.
And when we're in conditions of taking this to the next generation and we can adapt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in the population.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years old and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe occur within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these choices in the country of a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose dramatically different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring, and more communicate or more search and more sea?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about it, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions discovered.
For good or bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making a carbon, called it, called.
I click up, he called it, the called the foreign.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 15.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight safety.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some battery."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The plane is the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
You put the engines off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three most exciting words I've ever heard.
He said, "Professor for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was scary. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before I die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I thought about that later on, I came a sentence, which is "So "God wines bad bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that increase, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge who wasn't a lot -- I thought about, Wow, I really feel a big proposal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also went to my ego.
And the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
They feel about wonder.
I'm not trying to be right. I chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going on, 15, 14, 12."
You see the water water.
I'm saying, "Please visit it."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those techniques.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of it, "Well, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that whole life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness. And that sadness.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
One month later, I was in an update of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --   And I scream, I cry, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
At that point I understood those two points, the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle, not dying that day.
And he got me another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back in another way.
To you who are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't be like this -- but imagine, and how do you change it?
What would they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and the energy energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called Telecomination.
Never was one of the most important farmers in the '80s.
And one day he got to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a pink in the legs.
And that was the beginning of the ALS.
Now Newton has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influence me.
I have a design and animation, so obviously, the graffiti is something intricate that we admire and we respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to cook to Tony -- Technology, and their cause.
So I went and meeting with her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, isn't that I've seen Stephen Hawking, isn't that all the people with paralysis can communicate through those disappeared?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the film "The framework and the magnet?
They communicate in that way, and they go with the finger.
I said, "That's a cartoon. How can it be?"
So I introduced me with the only desire to deliver a crash and instead of that signed up a crash that had not had the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I broke up with her brother and his father there at that very moment, "All right, this is the treatment." Tony is going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make their art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much inside your interior cannot communicate it."
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Brooklyn Redwood Redwood that have a technology that lets them project a light in any surface, and then with a laser protein, they draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around making art art like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the stuff on one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could be communicated -- a machine like Stephen Hawking
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call him America because when I spoke to the guy you get an email email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's a fantastic guy.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conferences and anthropologists took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and when we were going to go back to them would have taken the frames of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Mars Mario past, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called "The Western "Sea and you can see the description of it.
These are a pair of cheap standards that we bought in the Marie Park in Hales Babylon, some barbed wire wire and the Google Schwarzing.
We took a Muslim camera, we opened up, we put it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we published the free code -- the software is depressed in free.
And we create a device that has no limit at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we returned to the Hando room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's their room.
There was all this loops and adaptation during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he became drawing for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking season.
The funny thing was that we had to go back in the parking so that we felt like we were demanding graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email email and this was what was saying, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to me and pulled me out of there so I could breathe, so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to meet this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic display.
Someone with this particular potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's graphics. None of us are doing money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the kind of guy, "Oh, this is a fantastic thing.
Armstrong is something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle, is that in April this year at the Beneling of Michael in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Gallow.
And Art on the streets is going to have the best expressions of the urban urban art, French Francisco, Carbon, all of them are going to be there.
There is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you look at something that's not possible, I make it possible.
None of what exists in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Color -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Do it possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with a regular recognition technology -- I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years in most of the very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
I filmed in war zones -- hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in great part of my career, I've been immersed in terms of horrible situations with the only goal of trying to try to examine social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that look like interviewed and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and patient I wanted to do something a little differently.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago a little bit of a stage.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some in Twitter, I offered in the record of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the following: "This is the Stanford Star Project, my TEDTalk who has no idea what it is and as content to be able to exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous or your company to do so.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TED?
Thank you.
It's a training degree, by the way.
So even with that room, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising, of advertising, of advertising in the audience.
And as I said earlier, I've got me in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be approached for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Scotland." I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with collaboration of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to be called "The biggest movie ever relevant?
What happens in "The biggest film ever released is that everything from above, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the authority that appears before the title of the title -- the X brand decade.
Now this brand, Machine Saddam, the Star Center.
These people will be associated with film to the period -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kansa: It's what? (Music is really?   The probably -- it is the predatory?
I'm a small person. (Music: I just say it. It was more for catches.
It was "Party" forever.
But we're not only going to have the parachute of the brand X in the title but we're going to make sure of protecting all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sold a shoe, and you get the most great shoes you have used of.
The most great car that you've driven in "The greatest film ever leans leadership, the best job that you have been drinking with, the best program of the world's largest movie.
Beauty Karon -- the idea is then besides showing the marks as part of the life, make them funding the film? MS: To make funding the film -- MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the complete film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, of beginning to end.
And I would love that Carter help make it happen.
Robert Defense: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that. It's the ultimate respect for audience.
Great! However, I don't know how responsive people are to that.
DK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "The "Paris" is very negative, but you know how it's going to representation? (Music: No idea. David John: How much money does you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million, "The (Click: Very good. John Kamen -- I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but it certainly goes to worth to convince a couple of big brands.
DK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film is going to look like a bunch of joy.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Development."
MS: But it will be hard to sell it by the film or to be I?
JK: both.
MS: ... it means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Music: Good. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. (Music: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where they go, "Well," good. And take the camera.
MS: I thought the camera would mean we have a conversation out of microbes.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressive, I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make as many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and stage of the separate media scenario is not the idea to count with that new vehicle of attention that is going to take the message to the massive?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a rare mistake and that mistake was this.
It didn't really have such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for images of Scare in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that appear in.
I like your pattern, Sergey British. No.
This was the problem: the transparency, the free of simulation or gas -- easily detected or view -- easily discovered or view -- easily consumers -- which are characterized by the visibility or accessible of information, especially in business practices.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name them, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really change something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still continues to do.
It's amazing.   Like this weird rural road.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it referent?
You eat a whole bunch of College Change.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there is he looked at me as I used to do it, he said, "Hey, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard King for many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my account, I would have to take the instinct and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn about suddenly -- I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big films -- big, giant films and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies -- giant models, say that the reason their movies are so successful to the strange brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies in Hellowato?
And the film is called "The biggest movie ever relevant?
How are we going to see specifically in the police?
Every time I'm going to open my biology, you'll see the dance Bang.
Any time during an interview with someone can say, "Are you good enough for this strategy?
Are you ready? You see a little bit nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the instrument."
And there it would offer one of these fabulous shapes.
Both "For Forest Forest as "Learn of the Paris will have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid to ball, in bar, like that.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a little look at it.
Karen Frank," we are a small brand.
It similar to the kind of smaller movies that you can tell. We are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Dan to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Danny?
You're in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Technology of course.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the acceleration.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh things.
I think "British is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the subject."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep them out more time? With better frustration, more street, three times more fresh times.
Things like those who need the benefits.
MS: And that's a molecular company.
What about me? What about a common kind of common?
I need to talk to the man from the street, people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: My market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I will get the 1980s, Paris Palestine unless it's day of a standard.
MS: Okay, what is the Grabal brand market?
Great! Something unique -- "Man: I suppose the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark molecule."
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
And usually I carry access as a sun, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conference: Mercedes Being.
Man 2: The brand I am, would call it the musical volume.
Woman 2: In part, partly and part of Chicago Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of males.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is General because I get the market.
Man Michael Martine factors.
Is that something?
And I am a paradigm market.
Tom Domogra: I'm took.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand March, but I often specialize myself in the intersection of dark carbon and blue Venice.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the market material."
And I found a company called Ellen Daddis in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neward, February, Facebook to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they probably could do it for me.
Audience: That's the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
AT: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings, your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
AT: Tell me about that world.
MS: Is that world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
AT: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life."
AT: How does this relate to your thoughts, feel and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
AT: How much of the because what does that look like?
What is the machine? What phase of paper do you find now?
Why is it important to registered? What represents the red.
Tell me a little about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other methods have you?
You don't have to have fear, where kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: And thank you. (A: No, thank you.
AT: Thank you for your patience. (Music: Big job. A, Yes. (Music: Thank you very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Langlade's 1957, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complementary people, in your brand personality. The brand Morgan Scratch is a consumer brand.
They stay very well.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or on the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's the human nature to avoid things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get charged and make them become a positive thing for you, and it's nice.
What other marks are it?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can see it also here to Takara, Chris, Minneum de Minneughest and Bengalie.
Now there are medical marks and conscious markets, those things that have gone and come, but a mechanical brand is quite powerful.
MS: A market market. What's your marker?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an addicted? Are you somebody who makes blood fly?
Or are you a distance distributed?
A little more care, resource, conservative?
And the outstanding attributes are like being a legal being like the Prizzian, contemporary and advance, and alternative or bold like Europe Gene, fast or million, professional, magic or mystic like Galexth.
Or are you rather than distanced attack?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like 800?
Are you state, traditional and protected, protected? Do you identify with Parking?
Are you confident, stable, family, confidence, safe, supportive or wise as the Dalai Lama or Arabic?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, spectacular and deserts, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the guy, and we get to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the desire centers in the brain so much for a commercial marketing like for movies.
We went to San Paulo. We went to San Paulo.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no cars, there are no posters, no sands, no structures.
And we went to school districts where companies are making way in the schools with population issues in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those where I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the institutions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? They were success?
Well, since the film comes into the Stanford State, we have a look.
According to The film the film is in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions, in the middle for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film doesn't get distributed.
It's still not online. It's not in the strategy.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talked to their customers will not be part of.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get to the people that's pushing them to the failure.
I think when you trains their employees in the revolution at risk is preparing all their company to lack of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, forward, I think we have to make it place to fear.
We need to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a shower at once, we have to embrace risk.
And in short, we have to follow transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Look at the Bronx has been presented by my good friends of Emmanuel who by 1975 bought the name rights in Balin.
"Mommy: Becoming big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
And I present "Look at "Lover the Brazilian.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Mary, on behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 150 175?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a man on behalf of the TED TED organization, the Stanford Foundation, a car for 175 to be applied to my lifelong attendance for TED next year.
The idea behind the international international worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of transformation in National in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves and we can use a lot of problems with the contractor.
British boxes don't use Doraid software software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus in Windows in a portable computer, used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with an anticipate state.
The own principle to the gray box, gives the cancer, and the nuclear nuclear program is democratized, communicated mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started researching about State six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown of.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Darwin, the installed used multiple discovery violence.
It seemed to do something with these gray boxes -- these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started a experiment where we infect our environment with Stanford and saw what was happening with this.
So they had very strange things.
State was behaved as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- the stage, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after I experienced with different species, I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely distributed.
The installed is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place: place.
If not, SETI doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. power plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we developed the carbon code, and we found that I was structured in two digital pumps -- a little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much it crosses the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Atlantic analyze is complex and high tech, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very much above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks quite like the old environmental language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning was called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them with the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about design that we can approve or develop.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent seat, it must be a valuable white, and it's probably located in Iran, because that's where most infection infections have been represented.
You don't find a lot of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the plant of nuclear power in Bush and the increase plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Let me a list of all the experts in the structures and plants of energy among our clients."
I called them and I told them in a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital crime with the control of the engine.
The robot is that mobile part inside the confidence, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this vote, you can certainly remove it and even make the contractor explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and download in an obvious effort to get local engineers to keep engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital cause looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, number 100 is about that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these transportations are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 165 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These instruments in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attacks of attacks.
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had in the hands.
So there's no particular influence: it didn't.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We were actually going to end up in the street and we had to come back again.
Yet, we found that both digital chips were pointing to one and very objective thing, but from different angles, but from different angle.
The small little girl is taking a waterfall and making the motors and released and the big cause communicate with six squares, and manipulating valves together.
In blue, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We should not worry that other targets are achieved by Stanford.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we see, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and you see the structures.
What this thing does is to intercept the value values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vision sensors and provides legitimate code, which still fits during the attack, with false data data.
And believe or not, these fake data is made by Stanford.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed from video video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not only to look at the operator in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and happy.
The idea is to look at a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in a power plant, when the big steam turbine is about speed, you must open valves from escape in a second.
Obviously, this cannot make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're compared, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit it.
And not the operating system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to do specifically, specifically, with cartoons, with transformational discovery.
It could work too, for example, in a power plant, or in a automotive factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have a stage -- which is going to disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford."
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
You can disseminate it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up with is a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the greatest number of targets for such a attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We must face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Randomnist, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Mission is the main entities behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Lang: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah.
My opinion is that the Mission is involved, but the engine is not Saturn."
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, additionally.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for moving. Thank you, Rando.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give them the human skills, or another one that makes users the birds of wheelchair, and they go back to walk.
In Berkeley School we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different about something that goes in the morning, gives you a big force, which increases its speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other foreign people.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working with, we started to talk about the American soldier that in average, it must take on your back, a 45 pounds, and it's demanding to take even more teams.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you the Hungarian -- or Petra Canal Human Canalistic.
Soldier: With the Human exploration, I can take 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in candy cars and produce movement with great weakness.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I raise my strength and my resistance.
Health Delicion: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when you start their life -- at the 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that aging that it is very quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complications -- it's the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I must recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the Angeles who is using Amanda Bolly who was using 19 years ago had a injury in the spinal column, and as a result couldn't go back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Barbase, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Lesters, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors ...
Not incentives in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here on the back.
There are some batteries that give you energy to the motors in the slopes, and in the knees and they do it with this small soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, looking at the bottom of it that was paralyzed down.
In a second, I lost all feeling and all motion of the beaches down.
Shortly time later, a doctor walked into my room on the hospital, and he said, "What will you never walk back to you again.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last surprise of my being.
The technology of adapting since then, it has allowed me to learn how to get rid of it down in teams, climbing rocks and even riding in biological barrier.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platform to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda and all the students of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they practice sex to say hello and play is the order of the day where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the African or San Stanford.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos from the rainforests of Congo.
The Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their attention.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the currency.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, hotter, government society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't been seen.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the back itself, stage of a violent conflict that has been produced by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also leads to the survival of the Bonobo.
The carbon of meat of hunting and deforestation do you can't fill a stadium with the Bonobos who stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos can hear the school scale by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "Well, "Do love love, not the war, because they have enough sex, promised and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Same Kame.
The bonobos. Like humans, they love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance to make.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the nice, you see the evolutionary roots, the same of the laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild environment.
First, it's a good ball game, and I don't talk about football either.
Here we have a female and a young male in a middle of a presentation.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, and he has the picture of the pines."
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sex game is common in Bonobos like in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this really interesting video is really interesting because it shows the invention to bring unusual elements into play -- like the tests, and also how the game requires trust and trust trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is a magnetic.
The game is political -- it can adapt a lot of forms, some of which are more screens, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the staggering is.
And I want you to see -- this is College, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like her, sometimes we played alone, and we explore the boundaries of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real phenomenon of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly more and more careful and greater creativity.
The secret is that play is the key to these abilities.
In other words, the game is our comfort of adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum our capacity?
The game is not fair.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and depression.
When it seems less appropriate play, they can be the moments in which it is the most pressing thing.
So let's start with primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we discover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hollywood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I eat fire as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where the volunteers reach a highly skilled staff you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a fairly high probability to go.
But still, there was a racing career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain I was faced in a conversation with the owner that no doubt would go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at the end of the night, she was standing outside the rain, under a painting, in a piece, described as his house was in flames.
The other volunteers that I just arrived before I -- we call him the Lesterland Leader.  He came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so clean."
There I was a lawyer or a gesture of money who, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in call to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a path.
He said, "Well, I need to go into the house.
I need to go through the fire, and you bring it to this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went -- I went to the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the Bertiuse firefighters that at that height last or less had finished the fire and walked into the main room in search for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my Georgeticians and the precious dog on the main door.
We went out of the house the pictures for the house of house where it was waiting to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house of house by the brave of the bridge that was demonstrated to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that somebody had achieved even a pair of shoes.
And so much in my room in Robin Hood, I like my appreciation as my volunteer bomb to be an act of generosity and kindness.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they're going to be able to be able to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a food, they clean a park of the neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but each day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they go into the game -- they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bank," thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were built in 1867 with a very simple idea -- cement modules of a fixed measurement that fit in.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to Lego came up with this.
It's called the microbial math.
And in a few years, Legos from Legos came to every home.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 miles per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful, buildings or houses.
Leadership made it accessible.
Leonardo simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and he became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to address the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static brick that would take us from a world of static brick in a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a major difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Stanford.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Soldiers are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're wired to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that you put together a lot of magnets together.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the sad, blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange of orange is the arm.
So you only have to assemble a blue with green green and very quickly you can begin to make bigger collections.
A blue with green green light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a prototype.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this guy to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Spiders are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldiers, Western lets us program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it get faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind States is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
The sounds, sound, solar panels, motors -- everything must be accessible.
We've given States to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight works, or why the door of a elevator is kept open, or how a iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken States to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with States like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and disaster, we have George creating Green.
(A we a few weeks ago, we took States to designers from the design School of Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active carbon active of movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a law made of plastic that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Steves became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of everyone.
So Believer has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So I go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discovery.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment focusing on us.
It's distributed collection.
This is a little clip of what we do.
Mom. Wait a moment.
You can download a little bit in charge.
We can be able to keep the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to take the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work on an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to determine, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative is called "The American for America and would be like a pair of peace for the teams.
We select some members every year and put them to work with the trafficking.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we sent them to the third World search savings.
They made great applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al to know.
It's a human city home.
Here it appears as if you look for a date, but what it really looks for is somebody is clean when it comes through the snow, because it knows it's not very good to shut fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did I get to help this something so sleeping?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Earth for America."
They were there in February, and at that time, I was a lot of time last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these horrifies.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens were cleaned with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, develop a application.
It's a nice app where you can adapt a horizon.
You accept cleaning it when you go.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can be cut.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmers programmed last year.
But it does something that no other technology technology is made.
And it extends in viral ways.
A consumer responsible from the city of Honolulu, when you see this application realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to admit surrounding surroundings.
It's very important that they work these series of tsunami, but people steal the batteries together.
So he asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to pick up the stuff that are standing on.
And Chicago just released it to make people resist to clean sidewalks when he snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan use it.
And this has spread out without prices, in a organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that there would be done by normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there is a project in the California judicial power that has already cost two million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So a app that shows in a couple of days and dependent on viral form is a kind of kind of kind of kind of sense of warning to the government distribution.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more like the Internet.
I mean, without science, in open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to tackle the issue of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an architectural institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only America for America but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They have not been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration for that, but you don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave all the feelings about politics, the row in the DVD Desert Democratic -- and all those other things that make us crazy -- the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim Bernie, "What we do together because we can only not.
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to do it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government yes.
And because the government in the last stage of us remember that from "We, the people -- how to think about it will affect the way that we make change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to get loads to play.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially of distances.
This is the telephone center of services and information.
It's the place that you call the calls if you mark 36 in America.
Scott got this phone call.
In fact, "In the official knowledge base.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the gates in the house, put music OK and see if you go there?"
And it worked. So well for Protection.
But that wasn't the end of the disorders.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile phone called "The Congress Concert.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the New York City office.
One day, this happened really, comes up with this predatory, "graduate in my trash. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to carry it?"
The dynamic of Copenhagen Congress is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Concert Connection is all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Right? Yes. Invitable? Yes.
I got the cube back. I went home.
Good night, design disappeared."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to get themselves up and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being needed, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call control control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and suffering our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the superficial layer of 15.
Below it is what we call the surgery.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that shock that keeps that that it belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against us, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we need to make the bureaucracy be sexy.
Because that's where the real work of government.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That does the Republican movement.
Have you seen it?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the predictable of Sea Stanford -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's record activity.
And for those of us who are referring to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We cannot press government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand strengthen to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act a lot, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, to region, I'm a generation more than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk, everybody's going to speak.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they deal with the government problem doesn't care about making their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands on the work to program applications that make better work to government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be the piece of the house, taking weeds away, dumping a cube of trash that has a distribution in it.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and lots of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not only benefits of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or are we going to be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in communities, in projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli stimuli in a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that tell you here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and force that would have no other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's creative, can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family dominated by a material, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born on the slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1888 and his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also amazing.
When I was little, and he looked at her, she was approaching me, and I gave me a good bar.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was shocked.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and he said, "Well, you still feel my bathroom?"
And if I told him that no, I grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
It had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the lowest of 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and she smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he got the room, he took me out of my hand and said, "You see Brown." I'm going to talk."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Well, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell you."
I said, "Okay, "Managasu, Mama.
She said, "Now I assure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
And then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you.
And he said, "I think you're specialized?
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brown."
I said, "Shall: Maria."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that you will always care it."
Like I love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mama, I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you always do the right thing even though the right thing is the hardest thing.
I thought it and I said, "Yes, Mama. So I'll do."
And then finally he said, "I mean, I want you to promise that you will never drink alcohol babies."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mama, I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, and I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a little bit of six beers, I don't know where I pulled them up, I grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest.
We barely get the madness of time.
He took a beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You're sorry, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Let's do it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I already took something, your sister too. Take a revolution."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can stay?
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen? I take a revolution."
I forgot the gaze with strength and he said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Maria.
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, tell all the grandchildren that are specialized?
I was destroyed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread up.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a alcohol ball.
I don't say this is a victim. I say it for the power that the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that really don't see it.
We cannot get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been present during the protection.
My uncles died from age-related disease.
And these were the things that that, according to them, we had to commit them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 3.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in everyday freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black, it finds so much descender, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One out of three black three and 30 years is in prison or in the conference of conditions.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Freedom, Arabic, Washington, 150 to 60 percent of all color young people are in prison or in the conference of conditions.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is so much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not capacity, but wealth what the results are.
And it seems like we feel very distance.
The politics of fear and the funding makes us believe these are not our problems.
We're described.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you from rights forever, if you have a criminal conference.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as elevated as before they approved the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you felt about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this critical country for kids, no chance to go out yet.
Right now, we're in a process of some places.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on death card.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a certain sense have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve dying for the communicated crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that is except and freedom of the death of death.
A error rate of error, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation would not allow you to put airplanes if every nine that would wake up, you would have to be stressed.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American story, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terror, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being liberated.
It was concerned to be bombarded.
The threat of the terror was what it defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say, you know, you say, "Do you talk to people who stop saying that in our history we changed for the first time with terrorism after the 115 of 1965.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terror, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our history.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good enough to listen to what you say."
And we said, "We have no death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room went in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we can never be able to get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and discovered, we would be going to make people responding."
So I thought about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, would you be able to do people, especially if they were in your greatest career?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational being.
And yet, there's this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these things so hard, positive things and wonderful things are, though, implant.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated with technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, discovery, influence.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both.
We last talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more decision-making with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the despersions, which will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we're going to be so rational, so committed with the intellectual thing.
The development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conditions of the heart.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only how brilliant and disorder, but also dark and hard.
Valley Valley, the great fall, was talking about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in hope sites and be a state of state."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, it must be polluted.
There's no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to really be human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the great privilege -- it was a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Car called me to tell me, "Well, you see the lady? We are going to gather to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to us?"
I said, "Yes, sir. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do?"
I was like, "Look at them.
So I went and I just listened to them.
It was very image, very summarize.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple hours, Mr. Parks ran me and said, "Now Brown, let me tell you that this idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the including.
We try to help those who have been convicted immediately.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the sense of life, without any condition for children.
We try to do something about death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in the prisons.
We try to end up with massive machines."
I gave him all my best speech and when he finished me and he said, "My mom motors me."
And he said, "Let's have a lot of painting, very much?
At that time, Mr. Carrot leaned me, I put the finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very good but very self-confidence.
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than the worst thing we have started.
I think that's true for everyone on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't stop you, it doesn't be a land.
Even if somebody kills another, it doesn't be a space.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not that.
I really think that in many parts the opposite to poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very summarize, very exhilarating, it's not going to be judged by our technology, for our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society -- not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged ones, but because of the form as they treat the poor, the conditions, the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound themes about what we are.
In occasions, I'm going to finish with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I still tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my informations in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been felt with a lot of poverty.
I go to jail and I see my 13 year-old customers and 14 years old, which have been made to be angle as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge convert someone in what isn't it?
The judge made it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking, by God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, you must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brown, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a lot.
I had a 14-year-old client.
I started working on the pile, with a break that he said, "Thank you for my black client of 14 years to be treated as a sub-Saharan grand grandmother of 75 years old, executive of a corporate.
In the emotion I learned that there had been driving in the access in the concert, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a line between how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that excitement would be a dream, or I actually wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it cut it, but he had sent it to the cut.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I got to the car, and I felt really overwhelmed.
I went on the car to the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and smaller.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to the car.
I was climbing the staircase when I found a bigger black man, it was the conference of the carbon.
When I saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a bear: I said, "Is you a particular pick? I said yes.
So I was approaching me and applied.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was a magician because.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When you go in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this stage motor?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went me," and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They arrived the salarshing friends, the authorities.
And suddenly without knowing how, the room was full of people. All of us were talking about reasons, because we talked about poverty, because we were talking about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I got to see the conservation that was going and came.
And I looked down the window and I would hear all that scream.
I kept walking around and over there.
Finally, this old black black, with face of protection, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the bathroom table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge wrote a record.
During the break, an assistant.
The assistant.
And he said, "Management, what do you do in the substance?
And the old black stood on, I looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I go to this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the target with measure."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we cannot truly be evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to the other.
That our notions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be getting to the fact, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the presidents that share this, I simply want to tell you that they keep the view in the target with measure.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your own purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refugee this spring, which is going to be a effort to reshape the funds that are spending today in policy policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the manual cases don't get in arrest at all.
The 96 percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This refugee is going to propose these funds to make it come to the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in the crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who think that is?
JS: In fact, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great majority of massive incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the circular population.
And we let us convince for the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, for small crimes against ownership instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bring, you have been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Larry." They grow the threats by death bin Laden.
Larry 2: Hembada in Somalia, Louis #3: The police painting O.C.
Legone 4: posters. Law 5: Courses remote.
Announcer: (Carbon Diction: The street College, 65 dead.
Announcer: Collect Dr. Albert Alarma: Labycell, Freedom.
Several colleages: War to the nature. And the mass destruction Darwin.
Receiver.
Crisis. Death: America.
Oh, my God.
Peter Dalai," these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that media media prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of our senses, our senses are getting much more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first side of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the molecule.
The amygdala is our early detector, the detection of danger.
It orders and records all the information looking for something in the environment that I could make harm.
That's why we prefer to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press, "If there is blood starting -- it's very true.
And because all the digital devices give us negative news about seven days in the week, 24 hours a day is not surprising that we are probabilities.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to be evil in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe what happens is that we get distributes.
Perhaps the huge progress that is done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerated, so we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the extension of water and energy, certainly we have.
As human beings, we are very good to tackle the problems and the long part, we end up with them.
We look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled -- average income per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, in electricity, transportation and communications has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the world's literacy spent 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we follow more and further expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms -- television, cells, mobile air and cars.
The barriers of the flow of the last century, the companies of the planet, would never have dreamed with such light.
And by supporting a lot of this is technology and, finally, exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in technology technology in this curve, Moore's Law and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing is -- in good times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and on.
It's the really rapid computer of computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's plotted on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, from Moore's Law Law is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, which my friends of Australian call infinite computing and sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the commercially, the consumptions and the food, the digital medicine and the DNA.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Katebrelle?
It was pince.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I would have.
And I loved this: Watson beat human bears."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Stanford University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked you to throw a company, or a product or service, that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
30 years ago that would have sounded strange.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that they've already done before.
When I think about creating abundance that doesn't mean to create large life for every single state of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and getting it abundant to it.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Pollinatory 19 of the 1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simmer.
The troops of Palestine ate with silver TB, and the same Palestine, with gold carefully.
But the king of Simmer, eat with aluminum aluminum clubs.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet and value more than the gold and the dish.
So this is why the tip of the memorial is in Washington to the animal is aluminum at all.
You see, even though aluminum is 82 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and the soldiers.
But then the electron came and made the aluminum something so cheap, that we use it as a discovery.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 million power every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity. It's about accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one percent of the generation by the time: 1.8 rupees, versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar power fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States, the solar electricity cost six cents a year compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an abundance of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Sagan took the spacecraft the Voyager to the Earth, in 1990, after I passed Australiance?
He took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale dot blue point."
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, the 97 is water water, two percent is ice, and we fight for four percent of the water on the planet, but there is a hope.
It's a technology available not 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the technology, the nature.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the price -- I'd like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do it, and his technology called "Star -- you know, it's the size of a small defense.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any source water, water water, a latrine. For less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a good confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola.
This is an innovation that is driven by this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the world's cell in the developing world in the late end of 2013.
Think about it, that massive warrior has better mobile communication in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with an intelligent cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of dollars, video videos, images, libraries.
Maybe the best comes when you get the applications in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation, which is something called the X X Machine Machine Machine, of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak, and because it has Alano, they can be done, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win needs to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence is a DNA virus or DNA that doesn't recognize to call the health health and first to avoid that the pandemic occurs.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billions.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we were less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds have never heard before you go to global conversation.
What do these people want to?
What do you get? What do you want to do?
And instead of a economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they're going to get more health to the Sarah, of a better education with the Academy Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide us three billion more than three billion more than humanity, healthy and productive medicalized?
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the open-source, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion will take care about?
And if you're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something I learned with the X X is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to finish sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you may know.
It's called Philip.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino and figure out how to get the protein.
Paradises determine the structure and the functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They have played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were supported and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the human pattern of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the broccoli.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a lot of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the top of the point of paper.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1867.
Maybe they believed that chasing paintings, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very "Markha point."
It was the best.
It was done so much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Stanford Star.
But we've heard this story many times about Galapagos, and other places, so that doesn't have any special stuff.
But the case is that we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're presentations.
The leaflets still say that they follow interactions.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the potter of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a black in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could be interested.
I loved a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The light was surrounded by palm and as you can see, some monkeys.
There were about 20 centimeters -- the blue barrier trial.
And the fishing of this car was very abundant and spent for a good time, so it was more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone up to half.
They were motivated at five millimeters.
They experienced genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing changed, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was impossible in the introduction of the pattern fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development is to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly is called the 44 4.
I went to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China, and especially in the Marine Sea.
What we captured was an amazing thing.
We captured it, now the sea bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we capture were spectacular spectrums, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny stages about a few costs, which are fish of coral reef.
In short, the sea fund came to the cover and then he was recorded.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead laptop.
They didn't eat them. They were missing them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living one.
I still wasn't active.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you collect the fishermen every time they go to a zone where they've never fish.
But it doesn't have a document.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of paper, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like that.
In the Y-axis, we have good things, biodiversity, lots of oceans, the green of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation to use the images received the beginning of their life consciously as normal and strange it forwards.
The difference is they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of changes.
And at the end of keeping a few remains in the end.
And that, in big measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done until a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very plentiful, before they get extinct, it's a little bit frequent before.
You don't lose the anti-problem animals.
You lose animal fishing animals.
Even if this doesn't look like a big order.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a simple sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fishing them.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists would question that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you are, as you can copy such and such a lot of fish in this area cannot use or usually use the scientists of fishing, because it's not science.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in protected societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people cannot conceive because the score point has run up and it's purely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that it provides it, which allows them to erase their point of particular.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle East, for example?
I think there is the arts and cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bang Bay. 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the media and the confidence are like "And the things like Albert."
And if you think about "Alpha," if you think why people were moving with the movie -- without talking about the story of Pottery, why do you move with the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in some sense, it has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only thing to give, is to Tame, make "Albert" underwater underwater water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alpha, the game of community in YouTube -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos make viral and what matters.
We all want to be stars, celebrities and contacts -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the website is making any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make famous on the Internet in a summer.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a small percentage becomes virus, it gets investment of visits and takes cultural motor.
How does that happen?
Three things: creations of trends and communications and surprise.
Well, let's get started.
Being a little Bird Bernie: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Here, water.
KA: Last year, Peter School published this film shot outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the corrections in the painting of popular summer.
Beeting doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mission Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Michael.
Jimmy Kimban published this tap that would capture the video to the police.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kimalaa present us new and interesting things to a wider public public.
Recent Law."  It's Friday, you can start the Friday --  Everybody wants it to get the weekend.   Everybody wants it to get the weekend.  KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Look at Babylon Receptor is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Love sides down, this video seemed to be uploaded from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask these other peaks -- they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday part?
Well, I took it together, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Landanizati, from Metsback Science Takia, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video in Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of makers of trends take a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 stands in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the international entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- designing it or doing something new with that.
"The Catalito "Arab is a repetitive animation with a music against.
That's this, that's it.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke between the Internet community community.
There were reports.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it became international to it.
Suddenly, all of a sudden community that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Look or "That's Drang sentences or "Look like "Wow Catalitated Catholic?
What could you have written that contemplating this system?
In a world where two days of video are going to go through a minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be able to highlight the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against the miles in New York, I admit that I don't get too interested in.
Casey Stanford: I was upset by not care for the neighborhood, but often there are obstacles that prevented you directly by the biodiversity.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Stanford got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this is why this approach is worth to all the new thing we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valesten: What does this mean?
Here.
KA: What does this mean?
The creators of the trend -- creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new type of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity that defines the popularity of.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Boy, started in YouTube.
They don't lose permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media characteristics, it's just the ones of the current environment, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still already already.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a shot, a man whose life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the students go into Saudi -- facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain -- and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to paint them, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the dawn.
My mother, Mad, was so only 18 years old when her father died, and a CAT marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old span.
All adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear was the pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a little bit of version.
If they capture us, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of engine, the proposition of the engine, the proposition diving in every wave, and the sand and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate that came several times, but they were fooled with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and I couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be about six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I did, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we took in Lego.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in Prototype, a kind of clear classroom, which is the population of instruments.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Prototype, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English County were shocked out between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in graduate, and then in a line of car mountain -- working six days, double tenderness.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT Technology in the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were analyzed, and he set up a strange third in English and math, no matter what you should take off, which generally was new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the bones, because I had to last six years.
And there were a lot of weird and painful singers about the "doubt and some graderstone, "Alcony, go home."
At home, where?
One of the things that I got in.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you out."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, every night, but we hired us on our day and we were listening to the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered birthday, all of the ship.
And my task was to be awake until their nightmare would start to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be static and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and inflated and international kids caught between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and paintings.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
And in one, it was the classical Asian student, impossible to what it demands from myself.
On the other hand, I was surrounded in a fixed lives, automatically symmetries for violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But a lot of received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of manufacturing, I chose the young Australian for the year.
And I was a path of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit up.
So I read so much, the West anonymous animal -- I was now so referent and referent to social activist -- invited to speak in sites that I never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols I know.
I didn't know how to use them.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get to the routine and the conference of life in a subjective suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for nearly 20 years, counting on the day of each one and taking asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got into the ship.
The non-head had never been an option.
"What do you say to me, and you don't know what you don't.
So I spoke about youth and education and education to the barbers and the desperates.
And the more frankly speaking, the more it was solitary to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my liberal, I realized I couldn't stay on a activity race.
I had to have another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly come in, new in the scene -- and not just it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because it can easily mean to use the artists, it can easily mean accepting the pressures of your view.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is democratized, but not the way we do.
Because they would not have been allowed to be allowed to be absolutely healthy.
There was an energy there, a simple optimism, a bad mix of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for whom the motto can not do it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cent.
At the end of every day, he made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congress was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that matters.
Life didn't have changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At 17 it became a concern of a Mandarin whose mother hit it.
Without support of his husband, you get a stir to demand it and take the cause it itself, and much more revealed when they win.
You can't make it demonstrate to be wrong.
I was in the room in a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Mary.
I looked through the map of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to describe.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Prototype and we sat around her attack.
We told stories and made sure we were still with it.
At night a monks came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked her to say, "Why your hand is hot, and the rest of the body so different?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You don't have it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily connected.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the ship.
Who could design that to you?
However, I fear to the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a little bit of a little bit in your life, dive up in every single wave, the voice rate of the engine, the sand of the sand that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could take it and see them in the room, it would do.
Red Jefferson and also the mother of Santa is right here, in the fourth or the fifth line.
My story starts in Japan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the frozen sky, with the singing Sufi Daniel.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of the old Indian experimental inspiration.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Paulo, the great Indian warrior prince had been, he had silk, he pulled a bow and with a flat to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with transcendence and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that really intrigued me.
Every time, I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a feedback if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't hold it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his flower silver flower.
And this time technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door towards a world full of images, and in paintings and batteries in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They stop our inspiration.
So I threw myself, I brought to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
It illustrates books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device of connecting the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
where we are.
Put the text with the picture, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly interactive.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Kong, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic."
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always got me interested.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And, really, light your way in what comes from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with girls was that the whole galaxy is a galaxy in a pocket.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I drag towards this magical device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all sorts of fantasy has always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, culture and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing that is extremely important for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These here are the surgery.
We've all heard of the nests and the non-competitions but how many people outside India know their Indian conditions, the supermarkets?
These poor airplanes have been stuck in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in a old and mind book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked down, pasted to their country, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- for streets, fireflies, computers and shells.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to get this ritual of childhood to come out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then can put on the Web.
A kid of London puts a picture of a car and says, "Oh, I saw a road."
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking.
Within the contractions of connection between magic, the Earth and the technology is many possibilities.
In the next book, we had an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video light and through augmented reality you see a group of animated waves that appear on the inside plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of leaves of leaves.
And you have to make the sound sound and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go towards a world where the forces of nature relate to technology and magic and technology come to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love love that we felt through a simple history.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to get a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known. What happens?
How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, since we stop listening.
This is my back and Paris Librah. It's a very simple thing.
It has a set of light and acceptantial.
All the hands, I guess.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of getting to 95 King.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, sends me to Google Harvard.
And my doctor doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need two-way or some of that style, but look back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 5,000 followers in Twitter.
So every morning is connected to my Palm Parachu's and before I came to my car, people start to talk to me, Lincoln, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From next week, I'm going to be available.
This little mother attached an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and be captain from their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, like the description of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but it also means interaction.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video video.
We all have control controls in the cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phone.
We know perfectly where the ATM holes are in Machine.
Also where all the gardens are.
And of course, we can find fast food networks.
But where is the nearest African to help this patient?
We asked it, but no one would know.
No one knows where to get the Data saved lives right now.
What we did was we made concern in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked it to the audience -- you see a Palestinian, please see it, organs where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours, and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an application for Love, augmented reality to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Machine and someone collapsed, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their cell phone to find the nearest African care that can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not only like Archeties 40, which is the name of the product, but as a Party name.
And we want to start to start it globally.
We're talking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the concern of the Alexander around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and someone wants, it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to go through these DNA.
They could be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
Please take us on this and not just improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that cannot take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I got mixed with my passion before, but it was a little different because when we use the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when the care is presented.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to press the collapse.
photos like this: a construction in a very elaborate road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of the reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common objective of keeping the level of the board.
And when I say that I talk about astonishing.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way like photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagination, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture look like this, I think they're the ones that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our daily lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images meet with these records, they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
Here's another example.
I could think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is took.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal I think it's easier to create a place that you can find it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew I had several months to do it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The cost is a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone part.
And yes, even I made the house of the top of the island to look more dry.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it does need planning.
It always starts with a back, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the photos. The result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a letter of mine.
I'm not so interested to show you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of visitors resolve the potential of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as a lot of others that we tend to see, is sort of a straight line in the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the scale scale.
I'm going to talk about the geometry with diagram curves.
Here's something weird happening.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves.
The answer is that if you would draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to be graduated, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like that.
It doesn't say much.
But if you say, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a male curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the microphones, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a growth growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow it.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- yes like this until it comes out something completely different, or maybe doing something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like that.
So we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is: what is that new way that embraces the world?
How new is the world the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're impacts in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been discovered, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than strange what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about about 2,500 million years when the Earth was a great sterile with many chemicals who float around them.
If we look at the way that those chemicals organized us a sense of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is, at that time, there was a lot of oil drops with all sorts of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to define.
In some sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms -- those oil gas.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a chemical recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide a distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every single drop was a little different.
In fact, the barriers that somehow differentiate being better than the time to incorporate the care chemicals grow, they grow more chemicals and they get more fun.
They generally lived more time, they were more representative.
It was a form of life, chemistry life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of the abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand these droplets very well.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they were released in this self-decade evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate for.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2,500 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every single living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. We can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 birthday molecules that I try to hide people in the airport of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and I did it 10 to 22 times.
So if you want 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot of for all of the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a film that would have put it in a virus and I would have been waiting for the room.
What was the next country?
To write DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells be happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
In that way, for example, evolving antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they were stuck to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication led to form communities that would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synapse.
So they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were replicate more and invited by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came together that in fact, and they decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The cell cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the molecules, or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call a organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to save information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that are processing the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them a evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of a organism, not at the time of evolutionary time.
So a organism could, for example, learn to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I eat.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that they had built these processing processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system would build those structures of information to actually accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups and lucky, building a similar idea, vague and confidence, in your heads that saved some analogy with my own.
But we take something very complicated we become a sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started to perform abstractions.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of records and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the information, the citizens, the care of video, the 1884, so are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that puts us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You already saw the evolutionary example of the thing that produced a certain evolution with the College program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale over time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is representative, I suppose that automatically is the right word to name something that speed their own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process reporters.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that jobs to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that conflict machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the Freedom Manhattan, we think about a level of abstraction, we think about it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't even be lost, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employed methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine a evolutionary process that operates in the scale scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
Do we say, "Please computer can you run a hundred million hectares of instructions to chance?
Could you run these sequences of instructions in random, will you put all those programs, and take those who more approach to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, they lose numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers on the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the raised?
We take those and we smell the rest.
And now we reproduce the best ones that the numbers.
And we come back to them by following a process of accessibility accessible to sex."
We take two programs that are coming up with kids, that increase care, and that the children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we get a new generation of programs that are produced from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please you repeat the process."
It heats again.
It introduces some mutations.
And I try and try and have another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs -- strange programs.
But they play the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depended on it.
I once went on a 477 with Martin Minneughest and I pulled a card and say, "Look at this.
It says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants that work together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't you feel the same sent?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's representative.
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are represented.
We're depressing.
And we're at an analogous moment to the community organisms when they became multiple.
We are the amoebas and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very exciting to think that we're the end product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think stop here before I get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've done enough time to allow me to be part of my fake budget in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World States.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be the background the balls -- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery.
And we talk about 300 of a bather that kills 300 percent.
That means that the barrier record is really, three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the game of play without being attracted and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't get to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a battle of 300 in the Great Giants?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a bioluminescent bather bathed?
And by the way, that's somebody who, from 10 dollars, 4.
Leaders -- like the Lincoln Tang Middle Leg player.
Now let's bring this into my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have antibiotics and they are depression to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in antibiotics.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved being held has two completely crazy coronary arteries and your family physician depends on a dialogue whose record in angle is 200 percent.
But you know anything?
She's improving this year.
His actions have been 275.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask you.
What do you believe you should be the average of a heart of a heart or orthopedic surgeon.
1,000 very well.
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in the whole medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a decision.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I included, with the management of being perfect.
And that never, they don't take a mistake and I think about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a compassionate commentary student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Guildo studied to a blood test.
Like which.
I studied in my little determination, in the University of General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy -- memories the origin and the job work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the article, the very difficult and no usual did.
And even I know the difference of the difference about how to grade the brain carbon access.
And as much as we accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I graduated from the medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would be immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Southern lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when I used to get to a cardiologist, I got to attend that patient patient.
And report to the boss of accidents.
When I saw Mrs. Francisco was depressing.
I heard a sense of sound.
And when the collaboration, I heard a sound student on both sides of it, which was sent to me a consumer heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stop working, and instead of sharing the blood forward, the blood goes to lungs, these are blood blood and therefore there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to discussion.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave her anti-school and medication to relieve the pressure in his heart.
I gave him distance, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I started the first mistake. I sent it to his house.
Actually, I made two errors.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of the residents.
I didn't pick up the phone and do whatever I should have done, which was to call my boss and comfort it with him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to give a lot of complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which I could care about my patients without even contact to my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inner who said, "Block, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that he asked the nurse that he was going to be a Sarah Sarah work, "Do you think it's OK if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think it's fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I looked at the high and the ambulance of the ambulance along with the declarations took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked to the parking parking where my car to go home. At that time I did something I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service in the way home.
And there another nurse -- not that I knew about the gentleman Sarah before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians are afraid of.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there's a particular in emotional and is that we see patients accepted.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient that sent her house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Because she came back, with the same tone tone of voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and the death of death.
A time of having come to his house, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 1924, and the doctors brought them to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 millimeters from Higgs, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him a measurement to get the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was communicate and produced to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feeling because after the savanna would be in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
It had a terrible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they recorded what was happening.
And on the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Sarah lady, wife and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks later, I punish for it and started for the first time the shame of shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt alone, isolated -- without feeling that sand shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more expensive that error.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that feeling.
And it wasn't because of my boss -- he was a find.
I spoke to the family, and I'm sure I would get the stuff and make sure they didn't get me going.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did he sent her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so much?
Why did I chose medicine?
Only that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a really cloudy day, he opened the sky and eventually went out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I was dealing with the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes to make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, he was a student in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
And I was very busy and boring.
And he was pointing here.
I looked at her throat, I was a little color.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he ran to the door she kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my supermarket change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the bank?
So he came back and didn't have a restriction of it.
It had a potentially deadly lethal infection called the discovery.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but of the blood air and it can cause the close of those tracks.
He's lucky, he didn't fail.
It became antibiotics for it and recover the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and records, then I went back and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same course of emergency -- not an approached discovery.
And it's a great effort, especially working on a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a decline.
One of them thought he had a kidney culture.
They order a rock X-ray room, and a colleague that was revising the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the right lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to record and I asked my colleague to review it.
And you reviewed it and to notice a certain sense in the lower lower quadrant, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was addressing me, I would be recorded.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a part.
The most significant have been for the last five years.
alone, embarrassed and instinctively.
And here's the problem: if I can't release me and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the reaction that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this to don't make the same mistakes.
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time they heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after favorite?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues too, that a microbes in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe that it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total business of the mistakes.
It's the system that there are two powers, which are making mistakes and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have press results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction like antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we take out of medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discussion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical and medical mistakes to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, I wrote to my program, "For "The Pole Carton, Black Arthware "Look, black Arthware."
And what I learned is that mistakes are completely.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one out of 10 media drugs in the hospital are wrong, or definition is not right. In a system where infrastructure infections are increasingly more, and more numerous and providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian medical errors, the street medical errors.
The U.S. Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about secret substances, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is being multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get involved.
The invasion of sleep sends all of it.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest. It comes up with black eyes and soldiers and so suddenly, my story has been described.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't reveal their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not to stay anybody.
And with regard that people don't want to talk about their biggest cases?
In my show, "I talked the black "for black art, it's a movement saying, "This is my worst mistake -- I would tell everyone, from the doctors to the head of heart surgery -- "This is my worst stranger, blah, blah, blah, blah. What are your same stranger? And I would run the microphone into them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would bring out their own stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake as well.
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human, you know, it goes up, and it doesn't get proud of their mistakes, but it is effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit it.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they commit mistakes in time.
My name is Brian Guildo.
I'm a researcher doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we took one day?
Do you know how much we pick in a situation?
I recently did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to pick up a middle American American American.
It doesn't do a lot of ago, in a research for a week to a group of presidents of businesses.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are designed by these executives and the time they started making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they get 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work includes many minimistics.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the street of nine minutes, and how many of you at a hour?
How do you grade the way these decisions, right?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of architecture, choose to the discussion of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and a potential solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a gun.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the order of collective?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was growing this very high level of level -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated.
It's called "Street."
It was almost like going to a park park.
There was a lot of different kinds of mustard and viruses, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the blood water and this was when we took water water.
I loved to go to that store, but in a occasion, I asked me, why never bought anything?
This is the east of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in solid box that come from millions of miracles.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Is this strategy of offering all these specifically?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the melophically.
Put it off.
They had 48 different classes.
We installed a test to disappear, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six cars, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop the metaphorically the metaphorically?
More people stopped when there was 24, 60 percent, when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a motor market.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there was 24 percent, only three percent of them came to buy metal.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent bought metal.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy me if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy melandant is probably coming to us -- at least it's good to keep the line, but it turns out that the problem in the choices of choices are affecting us in good senses.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with New Harvard, and I looked at Kong Jack, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funds available in terms of savings for retirement, the 101th program, depressive people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation of it.
We had 17 plans that went from two to 59 different choices.
We found that the bigger the number of failed funds, there were less participants.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as I would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were shocked by avoiding the actions or hedge funds.
In the way it would be more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial financial stories.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would benefit to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative implications to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is even when this comes against the self-interest itself.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, and in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose things less satisfying things, even though they get better to them.
The main reason is that we have to look at that variety of giant global mass, mustard and viruses and melophical, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and hire and choose that amazing extinction.
I want to propose you today four simple techniques that we've been that we've ever shown, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Koran.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Well, carry.
They worry about losing space in the stage.
But actually, what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut out, get rid of a strange advanced choices, there will be an increase in sales.
When I produced Green & God went from 26 different types of Heidi to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When Grand Grade came up with the products for cats that were less sold -- they increased the usefulness in 87 percent for two causes, and two cars and smaller cost.
You know that today's supercomputers are actually offered 45,000 products.
In a store store is offered about 100,000 products.
But the most big one in the world is Alaska and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato sauce, a kind of tomato tomato
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have sprung on how to handle the choices is the Palestinian Lawners Palm Palestine, the Harvard program.
All of the Harvard employees are increased automatically to a security of life.
They really want to pick up, you get them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut around.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the students -- "Let me tell you the differences that are among those choices.
And if your employees cannot difference, you can't do your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience, a few holidays with everything paid to the most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Galaxi.
(Alarm -- OK. Anyone who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that garden?
I think I really got to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round that in the second round -- but I can stop and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the discussion of options, which is Concert.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid in a very short way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit cards that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that getting more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Scotland Bennse and Australian President, about NGO Bangladesh who worked in CNN, these people were in a meeting where they were being used to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, that we looked at exactly how it was used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that they thought about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the 20th 20 and increased increase that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings of savings.
The third technique is to call it.
We can handle more categories than choices.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine supply.
We saw that in the Muslim subjects across the tower, the interview of magazines can contain from 36 different types to 1662.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to tell them.
These are two banks of jewelry.
One is called "The Washington, the other one, definitely display."
If you think that the one on the left is British and the one on the right is Japan, they have a palm set.
(Alarm angles." Well, there's a few.
If you think that the one on the left is Bay and the one on the right is Saturn, they have a palm set.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Bangladesh and the one on the right is Kenya. But you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something that I choose, not that it defined them.
You often see this problem with those enormous lists.
Are you supposed to who are they information?
My fourth surgery will continue complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German carbon manufacturer that allows to completely resolve it.
You have to make 60 decisions, to shoot the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
colors, color outside the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Mother, capture of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions are.
So half of the customers are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few boxes, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look at me?
So how involved you are.
If you get it to the button button in every decision, this indicates they're admitted, or be: we're missing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices to few choices, they smell the button for a time and again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, keep there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that the information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Even though the pick of changes doesn't tell you anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that we now have more including with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the discussion of options, Carter, to eliminate strange alternatives -- Corporation, make it real. Science, we can make more categories with less options.
All these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help drive the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues or for people to do who they serve.
It is that I think the key to get the best from an election is being careful to the collection.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the U.S. Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing to record it to the government.
I had to register a piece of text text with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that somebody could do this, how much it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color laser from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on each page that makes a pattern that makes them themselves from one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be absolutely a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can fix the attacks according to the attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals there.
Like Mr. Michael Bush in the city of Kavidatema, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyber to make a lot of money, inspiring amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, millions who make money with their attacks.
This is Michael School, from Tar Stanford.
This is Alfred Belly.
This is Stephen Art.
This is British Singapore.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tar Australia and so on, etc., etc.
These guys make their online online, but they do it by illegal drugs by providing the money of our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret American service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman -- Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Japan and soldiers and disappeared its stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any one of us is victim from a regime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is about worse than this.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of anticipations in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that drives them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have developed in the last 12 months occupy a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main plants, criminals that do it by money, the manufacturers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that they love.
And then we see cases like Dickinson.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
And Diginganist is an authority authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
Design the last fall, because of a seat.
They gave the security of the site and they punched a stranger.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, asked one of the leaders if they were talking about the modern of people in the attack of the attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die to a cause of these stage?
And Digital is a considerative authority.
They sell factors.
What do the facing do?
Well, you need if you have a website with hands, services, self-developed services, services like Gerally.
Except that they have a foreign authority anticipation.
And they emit critical credit.
And in the case of Dickinson happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters tracked the headquarters of the Egyptian Egyptian police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this card called "undergratution?
And within that cave there were notes from a company who had been sold in Germany who had sold the government Egyptian tools to intercept large-scale the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 280 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide them tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago found the open of the Santara Scratch -- a protection used by government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspect in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is invented.
But today it goes further.
It is intercept to the Internet.
They use even tools like the open of the open of the ocean acceptant to infect our computer with a protection to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
privacy.
It's not a matter of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
If you could rely in our governments today in 2011, any right that we do today, to be forever.
Are we going to rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have over 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the southern National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park Park has no fences in most of the South, which means that wild animals like the windows migrate directly outside of the park.
And predators, like lions and follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we wake up in the morning, and we found it very bad because it was the only mistake we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to produce them, and therefore we value them.
So I grew up writing a lot to the lions.
The love are wars that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there's so few in the National Park.
One child in my community, the 6 to nine years old, is responsible to the winner of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of.
But I realized that actually this doesn't look like, because it even helps the lions to see the seal of far.
I didn't give up. I did.
A second idea was to use a pathogenic.
I was trying to trick the lions to believe that he was close to it.
But lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the paintings, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the table with a torch and that day the lions didn't come in.
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got an switch that I would lose and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken network.
It will go.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little bottle box, I call it a transformation.
And the infaction box makes the lights off.
As you can see, the firefighters go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights flash and send the lions to think I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the cases of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed her many animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them to seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also used all over Kenya, to scare other predators like habitats, leopards and it's also being used to explore elephants of the farm.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brown International Freedom, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the parasites of the savanna passing the cows, and I used to see bird planes and said that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got a chance to come up for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to come to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it started.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
And so on. What in my language means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship -- Richard Suralin: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence -- CA: A electric fence at all?
RB: I know you already invented the electric faces, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, I mean, and you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a wire --  CA: The foot of bread. Richard Sara, you're something big.
We're going to argue in every step that I am, friend me.
Thank you very much. Right. Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No empire anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Singapore, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Even though sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed all over.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution first.
But I thought my life in North Korea, was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of the colleague of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're ready to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman who was no life was dead on the street, holding a school kid in his arms watching his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine.
At the end, more than a million Americans died during the hunger, and only few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy containers all around me was completely at night in the night except in the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture in North Korea.
This is the Riverside River, which serves from North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very accelerate in certain points, allowing us to cross something through it.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how Northern Korean came out of North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant places.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to go back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how to be life as a new news.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely hard, but also dangerous, because the American refugees in China were considered illegal instruments.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was released, and it would be compared to a horrible surrounding fate in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and was introduced to me in the police station, and I was interested in the police.
Somebody had accused me for being normally, then they examined my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
It was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and disappeared.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I asked the questions.
At the end of the interrogation one officer told another, "This was a fake repairability. She's not a news.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and decrease.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These reefs were not so lucky.
Every year, North names are captured in China and decorated to North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape -- many other Koreans, they haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all your world can be used in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I anticipated.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We're all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 46 years of depression.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgery or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call my pride with pride myself.
But to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Right when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call called alarming call.
The North Korean authorities found some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to the force to a careful location in the outside.
They had to get immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans, they have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some way, for over 3,000 miles across China and then across the South Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and almost we were caught several times.
Once, our bus.
He asked the identification of all, and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer approached me to my family, I was very supported and said that they were supported people who were starting to.
I looked at myself, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the French border.
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe the border guards in Latin.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the frontier.
After paying streets and self-designed, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Latin.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance of the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or miles.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without help, the man went into the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family, and for other two Koreans, and take them out of prison.
I stuck with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me."
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the word normal."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The wild completely unknown a new hope for me and for the Korean village when we needed it.
And I showed you that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Korean people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve your freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans, they're separated from their families and when they turn to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from international community with education, practice of the English language practices, and more.
We can also act as bridge between people within North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans, an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North America all around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Santa.
This is central Center -- shops of links, fast food, barrier ground.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of Central Santa to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles Lucans.  You have lights, fast food, barrel barriers.
Like 17 million other Americans, I live in a desert desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying in rural diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times bigger than, say, Bertlook Hill, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see this happen.
And I wondered, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of house you see the damage effects that the current food system has in their ventilate?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see contacts of diagnosis wandering like Saudi.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired to handle 45 minutes and it turned to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides to.
What I did, it was planting a forest forest in front of my house.
In a line of land we call a seat.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in a gang, because it is my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Good, we got together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a painted group by adaptable in all the processes, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city got me on top of me, and in short, they gave me a child saying that I had to withdraw my garden, the book became a particular order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?"  So I was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
Li: Times had the story written by Steve London, and I spoke to the concert and one of the Green Greaters, who put a petition in HIV, with 900 diarrheas, were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concert even called to say that they were going to support what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with lower barriers.
It has 68 miles away from barrier ground.
That equals 20 Central Particular Parks.
That's enough space to plant 175 million tomato plants.
Why don't you tell them to do this?
Growing a plant, giving a few thousand of them, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my human, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Sarah.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I'm reluctant to being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
Indeed is my graph, I grow my art.
Like a graffiti artist, which is called streets, I call soils, search sands.
I use the garden, the soil, like a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my special of that canvas.
They were surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You can't just imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a question of how my garden became a tool, transformation tool, from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the earth.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how kids affect kids.
International is the most therapeutic and profitable act that you can do, especially in a branche.
Also, they get strawberries there.
I remember a occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1972 at night and they were in my garden, went out and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "No, don't you fear people going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health restore."
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was great, they shared me his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Goods has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes, they'll eat tomatoes --  but if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind to blind what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're stuck. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the sand, I see a chance where we can train these kids who are getting together from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Karroom is happening.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafe.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to stop working with people, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everyone to become a conflict refugee, sensors, security security.
We have to change the script of what's a section.
If you're not a second, you're not a season.
That the states take their course?
That is your weapon gun.
In sum if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your hair so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience noises)  (Musically everybody will agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt -- and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, which rain a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that it specifically.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars pass by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we want a quiet career.
The solution for that is to make funny streets.
The professional asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has sort of strange and water can pass through it, so all the water water will flow down to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't release water anymore.
The noise also disappeared in these parts.
Because it's very short, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very quiet.
It also has descriptions, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of.
What is going to disappear? You see that in this road the surface stones are coming out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more, and then -- and then -- well, and then -- well, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But they can give you their windshield and don't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create barriers with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Here, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage comes from.
It's a professional asphalt -- like I said, so it only has a little amount of sea between the stones.
Because of the intention, to the new light, to the reaction, this airplane, the glue between the graduates, is getting off, and if you pick up, you'll be taking microbes and separated from the additional stuff.
So if you drive through the road, you'll get the aggregate -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about materials of action.
If we can make this material active, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel steel from that to clean safety, and we can cut the steel channel in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the bit.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an indication machine.
Education can cure, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you need to do is to heat the steel -- melt the garbage, the battle flow through these microbes and the rocks will move back to the surface.
Today, I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big driver machine here on the stage.
The microwave of microbes is a similar system.
I put the sample, I'm going to take you to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a hip piece of roads, 400 meters from the Antarctica highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test, and then, of course, this road lasted several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the sample, we put a lot of payload in them, we repair them with our driving machine and we repair them and we would prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers -- by engaging these fibers using the energy of reduction to actually increase the life of the road, even to double the life of the surface, really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have a curiosity of whether this works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
It actually has to be cool before I can show you how it acts the repairability act.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having wake up a morning with the sound of the street in my house.
My father was listening to Berkeley News.
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depend on it.
"The Taliban was going to yell out my father.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning, I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were left from Afghanistan and did illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to school my older sister who couldn't be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market for the market to look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we did our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban would suspect it.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would we be saying?
Did you know where we live?
We were angry, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a sex.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total infrastructure of a remote provinces from Afghanistan. insisted that her daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father gave him the father.
But my mother educated became a teacher.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, only to convert our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a higher risk not to educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated with our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "My month -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So, still don't you want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women's women have more than the barricane, and if my family had not been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here in Muslim College in Cambodia.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exploded from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to make me happy.
He doesn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who took him driving on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 185, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Star, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like the mine, are advocating for them, and still in front of a desperately really really really really really really underwater opposition.
Like Henry. It's not his true name, and I can't show you their face, but I take a father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from the way from Salamader to his village, and literally they were shown to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they're the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending her daughter to school, they would go to try.
"Look at me, if you like, he said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for your old and return ideas."
What I've learned about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those of us trying to get a father who recognized the value of his daughter and that it sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interest of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school count in hundreds, remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes are not going to take a lot, after the U.S. troops of America.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that animals, I see a future problem and a tough change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities and every day the girls of Stanford remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the screen, "Hey, resist Galleria. fought him.
But you never become a stage stage stage.
They have spent almost two years since there is the obvious revolution inspired by the Olympics of massive civilizations as much of the technical revolution like the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with lots of other urban citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day and start a revolution against the extraordinary regime of Pride.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the star, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying little particles of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown an alternative value to face the brutal brutal of Prize.
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the Extraordinary East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 feet, we managed to release our country and defeat the single.
However, Gaddafi left a burden heavy fish, a legacy of the sand, corruption and extreme strengths.
For four decades, the traditional regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the free society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges I have wanted to do, next to many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
They set up about 200 organizations in Beneigh where, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, roughly 300 in Spian.
After a period of 33 years of explained, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With a incredible group of women, we founded the Women's platform of Women Laurets for peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the domestic autonomy of women and by our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the privileged period, an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is moved from the political political and exclude policy.
Eventually, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, a little bit, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the protocol of ancient mosques and Sufi turns.
Another day I started with the news of the murder of the American worker and the attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the office of the army of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violence of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society is formed by a revolutionary mindset, they collapsed more, and it's removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
International and exploration and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our success success success and elections and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to trust us that we, as a nation we chose badly, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The list will create and the alternative between candidates and cars brought peace and national recording?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society and dominated with political protocols of domination and exclusion and so much for men like women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the feminine values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the elections, that they only reinforce polarization.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the female more than you need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of angles and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microbes.
We need to develop a female address, which not only honor but also put the misery in practice instead of revenge.
These are the ideals that a Libya, spread by the war, needs desperately with the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has a rented that is about the interrelationship and the alternative between female perspectives and male people.
That's the real company.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to a collection of the Koran Manhattan -- he said, "It's the word of the God -- it is professional, "Well, compassion."
At the same time, the word Forest," which is known in all academic traditions -- has the same root in Arabic, that the word Hamahai, and shaped the fundamentalist and material, which fits all the humanity that men and women, that all the tribes and all the peoples have attacked.
And so just like the zero covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the entire compassion all the existence.
That's how we say, "My mystery is able to get all the stuff."
So we say, "My mystery is prepared about my back."
You know, everyone has been told the grace of the microbe.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an architectural question, which has an equally international response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing forever. Why does it go?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who owns it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to count.
I was 22 years old. I had just been in college at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as writing and editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Arthware Are Service, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times the man, who I created my twin soul, was pointed to the head with a picture, charged with strange bullets.
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a piece in my head and threaten to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Love love."
It could be their story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm in English at Harvard University of Harvard and I have a MBI at marketing at the White Business Tony.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list "Star 500,000 -- between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bank and "The Washington Pacific.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black black and driving an anti-discussion Hans.
So my first message for you is that the domestic violence can happen to anyone, all of the races, all the religions, all the levels of childhood and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the male are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and international abuse or the other duration or, in the families, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence, reasons why the domestic abuse is so discovered.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who was denied to her, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and new husband in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signs or their patterns.
I met Party on a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in New York subway and started freezing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was just going to get a picture of the Haid University and I worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed a kid of the field.
I had big balls like apples and a black hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that made Conconally -- from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the beginning of the beginning of a piece.
We started coming out and loved everything from me: I was ready, I had gone to Harvard that I had a passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and solies.
I met in me, as a writer, as a woman, had never done it.
And it was why the license in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to reduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work, I left my work and Paris and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a monkey angle, who was entering head in a physical frame, financial and psychological professor.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And here's where you go into the scene those islands.
In the way we moved to New England you know, that site where I know that Congress had to feel so safe to buy three pictures.
One was in the car of the car.
Another lady under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those films to cause the trauma that lived small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pictures actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger serious every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Honor happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 corners of my neck had disappeared, I put my mom's phone phone and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very frightening.
It simply had been felt very upset by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I never would have been hurt.
I spent twice as well in our own skin.
The first time I was driving towards a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I recorded several times against the car window.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our middle of honey and I got the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
I know the next one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only thing in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence or bullying.
So actually, I had very good company.
Go back to my question: Why did I do?"
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly interested man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress to face their democracy.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just be barrier?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any moment.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we are, the victims, we know something that normally you are about -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
Over 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put up to the relationship, after the barrel, because then the advance has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent bear, even after the advance has come back to married, generation of financial resources and manipulation of the family system in order to force the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not supported with the man who played their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last sad say I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world: the police, to my neighbors and friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to support victims as a French cells, self-destructive women, advanced goods.
The question, "Why do you do?"
And for some people is a way to say "The fault is the bear of the bear, as if the victims are going to be incredibly dramatic of men who want to destroy them.
But since I was published "Look at the faces of men of men and women who were also heard, they learned an unstable lesson of what happened to them and their life lives and failures like employees, wife and mothers, lives completely free of violence like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a nice, bladed man and we have those three children.
I have that black black and also that virus.
What I'm not going to have is never more, but also, it's a load paint pointing to my head in somebody who says that I want.
Right now, you are thinking, "Hey, that's an amazing, or "Hello, what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being made out of small or whether they were a little bit advertising themselves.
The malaria could be affecting their daughter, her sister at his best friend right now.
I was able to put end to my crazy love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
The victims need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Keep the evil to light talking about it with their kids, their friends and their friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to slow their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful homes that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. It's called June Russell and for a while, I am a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen like that.  For lucky, I've brought clothes to change me.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to do it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, they don't have to do it now, but I will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everyone has that opportunity.
These songs are very uncomfortable -- less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also supernovary.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a news in real life.
I was completely uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that it would take the back, and that would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial artist like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our asset, which, even though it is superficial and included, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my lab, that's being a sexy.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it come to you?
And I always say, a cars found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because they make the genetic literature, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire and we have also associated with a high and beautiful stage, to feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now scarce, and maybe there are some lovers in the fashion that say, wait. There are Naomi Francisco, French, Joan Stars, Lin Gulf.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But I literally have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the particle, and of the 177 controlled models, only 27.
The next question that people always do is, can it be model when it is better?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a chicken radio surgeon and poets -- which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If you go after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, James, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the resident of the resident of the former American magazine or the prime of Berkeley or the next Steven Seattle.
To say that most people want to be model is like saying that you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike real surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Literally, once you've got your studies, and you have a record and a few jobs to your back, you don't matter what you say, you know, if you want to be president from the United States, but your culture says, model of inner clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are record.
And yes, virtually you get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that I did, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my time.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a little girl.
That's how my grandmother is a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a party party a few days before the photos for the French British.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine Victoria.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not myself in those photos.
They're creating a group of professionals, protocols, male and full and statistics, and all their help and protection and protection, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too much about 20 inches and I never use, except the last couple of it, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and forgot me to wear money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a conference compared -- he jumped a sister in red and, of course, they stood up, and I went on the way, and I got a little bit of a sorry, and I would keep going.
I enjoy these privilege. I'm not about what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their sense without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who stood and second, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 young black young black young, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
But how many times will you stop me?
In researching for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the three-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and exploit.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel and also incredible to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever asked, with a few more thin legs and the most brilliant hair to be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most bright hair and the more supported and the more likely to be basically the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was enough enough to get a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 photos more cherished and I didn't know it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a camera care about lighting.
In fact, most people took random tourists to random.
My story starts when I found myself in New York City to give a connection, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
I went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take it to New York at a British and contacted the Gulf?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, never ever ever lived with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much it would change us this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only to the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes new kids, and I can see life through their eyes and how it perceives and interacting with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
And recently, in one of the trips we were walking on, when suddenly it stopped into dry and pointed a red side of the wrist store that I devoured small in previous visits before.
And he described me what I'd felt at the age of five years in that same place.
I started that he remembered his heart heart with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories that we created.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that makes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't know how to get somebody and ask myself: Does it take a pictures?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The battery are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter things like mental characters, dumb people -- stupid feet.
More recently, if you've been following the press Kenyan press, applause and analysis these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment --  They don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hard to be moved.   They're far away from extraction.  And my favorite, the battery have better presence.   There are two types of bus on this planet.
There are the New World sequences that are mostly found in the Americas, like the communities and the careers, and the back of the Old World -- where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So why are the substances important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, they provide.
They are our natural trash.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not being because they stretch and caused great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no taxi, the carcasses take three to four times more time in figuring out, and this has huge implications in the spread of disease.
The substances also have tremendous historical importance.
They've been associated to ancient Egyptian culture.
But the bottom was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and, along with the cobra and the unit between the high and the U.K.
In the Hindu mythology -- Antarctica was the bandatton god and he risked his life to save the Danish goddess from the 10th of 10 houses Canada.
In the Tibetan culture, there are a few very important Internet online open in places like Tibet. In places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead, or wood to celebrate them, so these secure are providing a natural elementary system.
What is the problem with the battered?
We have eight species of gardens in Kenya, which six are in extremely threatened forms.
The reason is that they're being invented, and the reason they're being invented is because there are conflicts between humans and forest.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years they get extinct, and the reason is because they fall pressure of livestock that has been treated with an illiterate drug like the Western.
This drug has been banned to use in India and have taken a pattern.
Because there are no security, there has been a spread in the number of brain dogs in landfill, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for barrier. The number of cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa in Africa -- 350 permanent birds are going to be up the U.K. lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to the birds, they cut them up by half.
These are birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead enough to serve the grade and the message market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds -- we're putting the transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so to focus on a problem that's not going to come from anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the security, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help help? It can become active, to make noise. You can write a letter to their government and tell you that we have to focus on these very amazing creatures, to donate their time to diffuse the word.
When you get out of this room, you will report about the battery, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors on the battery.
They're very exceptional. Charles Darwin said that they changed from opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do specifically, my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, to 1977, I care young -- but I don't am.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote de Marine, Algeria, and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa.
And he was surrounded.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we accepted it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Death of the Bush, was a project where a few people decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we come with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Rome River, and we teach local and carbon tomatoes and cancer and cameras.
Of course, people weren't at all, interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't act.  We were amazed that the local locals, in so fragile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just to time to save the people in Zambia of humanity."
And of course, everything in Africa is collected.
We get these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size in Zambia to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the basements, "Look what easy is the latest."
When the tomatoes were nice and male and red, at night in the morning, about 200 penguins appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the barrels, "Oh my God, the penguins."
And the rabbis said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a agriculture here."  "Why didn't you say, "You never ask.
I thought we were just the Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the paintings.
You should see the waste waste.  You should see the waste that we care about the people in Africa.
It wants to read a book, I read "The Moral Movement of Maria Mosquea and the market of changes.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors. We've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused to.
Just read your book.
Take it out of a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are important images, collective microbials, and we treat people only in two ways or the pathologists, or we're pretty paralyzed.
The two words come from the Latin rather particular: which means "Parison."
However, they mean two different things.
Parachute, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my kids, "I want you a lot."
Paradise, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
And so the whites in Africa are called "Albert" -- really.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little bit of a beautiful thing is the first thing -- written by the entire economic development, if people don't want to be help, give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that isn't really?
I decided at 27 years to just answer people, and invented a system called English Entire Wide where you never first started nothing, but it becomes a sense of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? You shut down.
You love a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help you find knowledge, because no one in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attention, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have been interviewed.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor, the family doctor, which is self-assembled with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and he helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living.
I started this as a test in Space, city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get me from this sort of search garbage that we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I street and listened to them --   So the government says, "Well, so the government says, "Well, "We're doing it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness now.
Peter Sarah, one of the greatest companies of the story, failed at 96 years ago.
Peter Sarah was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Professor says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative empathy.
The planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you will rebuild Rockett without knowing what the most successful people in Richard want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them in conditions, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help them, and then they will come in the mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 client.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What does you do more of this tomorrow?
And that's what you have clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial subjective submitted fossil solar solar solar -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The bottom as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, it's how we nutrition, we create, we transport them, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities, forget it.
The government? Forget it.
They'll be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a horrible story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 18.
And in the year 18,000 came together this group of people, and they speculate what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was communicate, New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to bring up the population in New York to the ones, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to have a handy.
They were already becoming self-decade.  So in 1866, they were looking at this dirty technology that would destroy New York life.
So, what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared by 2001 companies, automatically 100 companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few and a lot of factories in particular places.
Denness, Michael. Henry Ford, Henry Ford, Henry Ford, Harvard.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conflict.
In other way, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated service, student service.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three information and the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic communication, and you have to count with a great financial restoration.
You know what?
We have ever met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There doesn't exist.
This is not born.
We have research and looked at the 100 companies in the Carnegie world, Berkeley, Dennett, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Hand.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common -- only one was not started by a single person.
I love the word "My word "My word "My word "Man: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have addicts, who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee carbon and bars together to their dedicated decisions who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this hope, somebody who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the difference?
"Oh, no, I can't do that?" I want you to get it to somebody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like carbons, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much paid my neighbors for their disappeared?
How can we borrow and ask more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our paper better?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and design?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant trees that give shadow to ancient, drunk and soldiers for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a design in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects.
I live near this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a deep gratitude for time and time.
I gave it clear to the significant things in my current life.
But I dive to keep this look in my everyday life.
I think it's easy to be able to catch up the day and forget how really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant signature and painted about her phrases to make it mother: "Before I died.
So the students could take a cup, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment but the next day the wall was full and kept covering out.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be a picture of "for "for "Look,"  "Before I die I want to sit on the face of the family line.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I died, I want to live outside the foundation."
Before I die I want to hug it once more."
Before I died, I want to go to the rescue of somebody.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hope and hope of people made me laugh to careers, they gave me to me, and they gave me a lot of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scales and it's about giving care and conclusion, and to remember what's most important to us as we grow up and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues we did a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public space if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of ongoing design, it's more important than ever, finding the ways of conserving the perspective and remembering life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than individuals and as individuals and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
I would like to introduce my sisters.
I was 22 years old, it's high and very collective.
I don't speak, but it transmits joy better than some of the best speakers.
I looked at what love is.
I share it in an extraordinarily basis what happens.
It's not about angle. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and focus on this: I've never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to bring out words that I couldn't even get to me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very straight.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I pasted my arm during the first episode of the Testing and the birthday of Lady Galaxy.
Doesn't it look like international?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't care about the concept of momentum of society, they're often ignored and incredible.
But what I pushed to my heart and the form my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they weren't going to consider them within the extraordinary, that could only mean one thing, which was extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary and remarkable.
Now, for those less familiar with the term and the term anticipated -- it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual is manifest in a different way, which River is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and although it's one of the development disorders that quickly increased in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I lived up alive and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything that would have come in.
As it grows, it became more different, and the differences were getting more obvious.
But beyond the brothers, the frustration and the international activity, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature -- a kid who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that I had never lied.
And American.
I can't deny there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have wish they were just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that didn't want to change for the normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any is wrong.
It just means there's a different vision of what it is.
If I could convey a single thing to Beck and Sam and you would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift. Every one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for grandmother, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little what must have been Alice in the country of the Mars.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, which gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Really. scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big words and unknown words.
But when you develop those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students. I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care care, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that your science is sexy.
First question for addictions -- and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
We don't tell us just that they study the business, but they study the business, which are the structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat systems.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
Beet is a hurdle for our understanding of your ideas.
Sure, you can say "British and complexity, but why not to say space and story which is much more accessible to us?
Make it accessible is not the same thing that you can do it.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without sharing the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of fooling and excited with their content.
And when you present their work, forget about the signs of barrely."
You have wondered why they're called barreled?  What do the bullet do? The bullet kill, and they kill their presentation.
A minister like this is not only boring, but it stays too much in the area of the language of our brain and it will overwhelm us.
Instead, this example of Beneldo Browne is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the computers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Forest.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what is described to.
I think these are just some keys that can help others open the door, and look at the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the middle, all the media.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the Chicago dictionaries is "solving a food."
It just sounds very well.
And "Blue means "political describe.
Though there was a 21st-century editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A statement is that it looks for a public charge without matter or particularly or property or principle, and that when you win, it gets it for the mere use of a real record camera.
I have no idea what design means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to master the language.
It wasn't until 18,700 that the British Parliament.
And all of this was thanks to the bravery of a guy with the former name of Brazil, who was faced to Parliament the Pantheon.
They got him in the London of London and they got incarcerated but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end, he had such a popular support in London that won.
And only a few years later, we had the first use recorded from the phrase and so the metal says."
Most of you think it's literally.
It isn't. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined at Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some people wanted to call it Jeff from State State -- and others, "The Australian George Nature," and another advocate of the U.S. Lead Americans in the U.S.
Not very carefully.
Some simply wanted to call it "Sea "Let."
They thought it was quality quality.
And I didn't even know that they were malestile, they had the idea that you could be chosen King for a determined term.
And it could have served out.
Everybody gets incredibly immediately, because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor, and I always wrote, "I still have this problem."
What causes the portrait and the thing was that the University of representatives was against the Senate.
The camera of representatives didn't want Washington to be able to power.
They didn't want to call him King for him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the title more modest and more infinitely and more literally than it was happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title. There was before, but it just meant somebody who stands a penduluminary."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more graphic than the term "participant or "Service?
There were full presidents of little colonies and gravitational garbage, but it really was an insignificant.
And so the Senate is concerned.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it the President.
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign discoveries.
"And who will take it seriously, with such a ridiculous and improving title, like President of the United States American?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been represented by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is fortunate to follow there, waiting for the Senate to come in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measurement is temporary --  -- we might be expecting 123 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president doesn't sound on everything so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available -- the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have given the degree of graph.
So in the end, they won the Senate.
They got their text title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of supercomputers, well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations they have right now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the camera of Mandeline lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell you that now you're the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control the reality, but really, the reality reality is much more the words than these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground, in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but above all, that cacophony of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a little cheap of light from light removed to the head with this kind of electrical electronics, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a subway falling hundreds of meters on the ground.
I got my hand and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days before, who lost the control and fell in countless feet in that way.
While I talk to you today, these men are on the deep of that hole by risking their lives without paying and receiving and, often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Peace of Valley Palestine.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a Freedom of Ferestree that "Listen," an NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not at all.
When we finished to talk to me very bad and honestly was embarrassed to ignore this accounting of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
It was made to me and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the head of France that Lab and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, you will sell dirty stages.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced during the whole slave of transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual wage of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 current today.
However, today can be used to entire families by generations per month of 10 percent.
So amazingly, the slavery generates profits from over 80 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises and better education to find out they're forced to work without pay, under threat threat and they can't escape it.
Today the slavery is operating in the movement, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are really beautiful.
The slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the letters of lights.
This strange and distanced calculation was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of the Santa of Santa.
In fact, in a temperature of 45 degrees Celsius men, men, women, children, entire families wrapped in a little bit of dust, stacked mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the everyday furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
And the temperatures of the monk and the care work in silence doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe description would make it rather interesting.
And so patterns were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry but the antibiotic who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I explained very clearly that we're going to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they already were.
I had to rely on the "Look that "Latin and work inside the system for his release, and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, waiting to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles per mile by military terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big planets were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them, and the kids would blame them to their heads with severe sands made out of sticks, ropes and day.
It's hard to witness something so market.
How can we influence something so insidious but so competitive?
Some you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been so much your life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these students were reminded by their freedom, the slaves burned their houses.
When we hear the word slavery often we think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was told by women who had been previously sexually saying.
I was driven by some of these exclusive extractions that were giving this healthy basement, of most strength light.
It wasn't exactly a battle.
It was rather a restaurant.
States, as you know in the office, are local for the forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms where the slaves are with their girls and children, some of that only seven years -- are forced to deliver customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every step is dark and dirty identified by a swimming number of the wall and divided by a biology and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
From foot in the movie, I remember having felt a deal adolescently -- and on that instant, I could barely imagine what should be caught in that hell.
I only had a sustainability, the stairs where I came in.
There were no scissors.
There were no big windows enough to transplant.
Those people don't have a reference and, because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even happens around us.
There are hundreds of people carved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
The textile are another activity that we often relate to the slave of spectacular labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were little families carved in the silk of the silk.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the tissues of blue and red, from their children.
They mix treatment in these big barrels and suffer the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me their stories.
"We have no limitation: they said.
"We still hope, though, you can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really follow us our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Lake Alaska, the greatest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I was going to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older humans, some younger kids -- makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their failure families, disappeared and forced to work with extensive strands in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing anything.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came together -- it feared that her little canoe was standing.
I was paralyzed by fear of falling in the water.
The transparency branches of the trees submerged in Lake Valley often attract networks and children, defined and fear, are the water to challenge the branches.
Many of them are passionately.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
And because of fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with prison, it really tries the youngest slaves under their hands.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were raised the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
In the night and search night.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to King.
Kingdom was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where he "Look at the "Star that records articles of slavery.
Kimpassity symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It led by a road in Ghana with "Look at "Look at the Liberians, a political companion with her path suddenly accelerate and distance our car and played the window.
We asked us to do it by a road road until the forest.
At the end of the way, he went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come quickly.
And then it pointed out this sense and he said, "This is the way, this is the road. We go."
As we started to go down -- we took the rocks that blocked the road, and after walking near a hour we found that the path was denied by the recent rain, so I put the team team on my head as we put in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of mine, the little walk ended up in a card, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everyone was full of slave workers.
A lot of women had loved kids tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold and they walked in back and for back with market.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These ants are enslaved on a wells somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were packed in his own dream.
I remember who looked at their loved eyes, street, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people charge heavy heavy bags that then will be transported to another area in which they refuse the stone to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men and visions, but if you look closer to each other, we see that we see other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this hurdle ends up like this victim victim and the research for marketing in a few years.
This is Mandarin. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died in your uncle, Manda inherit the debt of the uncle that forces it to be enslaved in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines.
In addition to that, Manda has tuberculosis, and not unlike that, it's forced to work night and day on that mines.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like "Look at the "Star and it's this kind of determination of a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will be aware of them and do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're people, real people, like you, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think about these beautiful people, barbered people, I've had the great honor to know.
I hope these images take a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force sends a fire, and that fire red light about slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math math and there's a peculiar problem for who does it -- we're like management conservations.
Nobody knows what dials we do.
So I'm trying to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We give us the viruses of the ballet and the cancer dancers that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's disease, they destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Aaron Stanford who, in his time, was a virus dancing from the street.
In the last few years, it has been produced in the treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness and the disease and the other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we're going to know if there is really a cure to be when we have a target and a critical metric.
But it's frustration that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, you never do. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a complex journey to the clinic, what if patients could make the exam themselves, right?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinics.
So what I want to propose you as a form of no conventional form to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Steven.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you make sounds to speak, and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound and all of us have the needs -- the Bondon, for instance.
And like the balance, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
We think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate them, and as well as Parkinson's affects extreme, it also affects the vocal organs.
At the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of the breakthrough of the vocal chords of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
And the vocal and digital and general.
The speech becomes more quiet and attacked after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these exams.
The neurological test is not investment. Both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both process. Well, but also the based tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be accelerated.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
It's all minimum and we all know what happens.
When something is going to be so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to tackle it.
We can reduce the logistics of the patients.
It wouldn't make it easy to go to the clinic for routine carbon.
With high frequency. We could get objective data.
We could make massive under cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, carbon cars in general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first beer of the disease before it is too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Initiative of the Denopy.
Along to Albur and "Stage," we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anybody, with no Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
(A Gallow.   Tom Robert: So May, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What do you take out of these shows?
Max Lincoln: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have no disease.
MT: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for clean factors in pursuit of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
MT: Much more than that.
In fact, my student French, I have to publish it, has made a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, which governs the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's a better one.
RL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. May Telestion, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before 2011, I did photographs in New York City.
We are positive creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models still even more skinny, the perfect skin is still more perfect to do the impossible, possible and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Arabic Algars, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Bronx.
This is a small fishing town in the prescribe of Fifth about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of recording water is over 24 feet high, and over three miles away.
As you can imagine, the village was depressed.
We pulled out of the channels and the carbons.
We clean schools. We took the sludge and leave the houses to be diverse and hard.
We took tons and tons of dead fish -- an honest protection, the local factory.
We were excited and loved us.
For weeks, as many volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found photographs and photographs and chambers and stress cards.
They all did the same thing.
Put them up and take them to different places of people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures were a huge part of the personal losses that those people had been suffering.
While they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a training center.
I helped clean the global bathrooms the enormous, giant barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the training center is recording photos.
And there they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I would go through myself my horizons.
When you look at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years were still at the top of the lab, couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that lightning and repair that bar and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strange, but where the water had declared the face of the girl that I had to get to a lot of precision and free.
Anyway, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the broken picture.
Over time, they came for more photos, and they needed more representatives so that I went into Facebook and Lincoln and five days later 80 people than 12 countries offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Parliament, a town neighbor in North Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the support of the photos.
It could be an hour. It could make weeks.
It could make months.
This musical had to draw a hand in a hand using the areas whose color and the water was not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in water water, covered in bacteria, with algae even, even with oil, all of that together with the time time to destroy them, so cleaning them into hand, was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky.
We count with the guidance of a breakfast neighbor again.
It's very easy to give even more the pictures of the picture.
As a Pantheon once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You cannot make mistakes.
The woman that brought us these pictures was lucky, in relation to photos.
I had started cleaning them up, but it stopped to realize that he was even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and take the whole picture.
When I collected his photos shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a statement station between rubble as far as he used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, her husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave, the street.
He had to go inside the water while the surroundings sounded like.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were at school, in different school.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he gave her his photographs his youngest son, 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could come back to look at, something that could remember the past that had not been marked by that day of March.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers were joined to al Alex Hairie hundreds of them helped us clean over 100,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- most of the great majority became hands of their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families of photographs completely frustrated and representative.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most in ink for printer.
We take photos constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship.
They are students of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would get back to look for.
This was what the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody in the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the returns.
Some of them were connected with something bigger -- to return something, using their talent for something that are not role models of perfect skin.
To finish I would like to read this email email. I sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was recording, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and the stories in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, meeting around a baby, and I was moved. Because a picture of my family my grandmother -- my mother, I and my daughter basement, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dow Docknew inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that passes an apple in an exhibition of just a billionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I introduce you a new type of photograph, the photograph, a new technique that can create video in slow motion.
And with that we can create cameras that can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser laser and turn it back into a second of a second or that, in various metaphors, you will create a package of photons from just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons that bullet is going to travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package package and shoot in this bottle, how do you get these photons inside this rock?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember, this all happens effectively in less than one nanometer is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't get this research.  They happen a lot of things in this film, to take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our balance comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to attract it and that inside, it starts to get off.
Part of the light goes down to the table, and we started seeing these lights.
Many of the photons finally come to the cup, and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that fits inside.
At that time, waves travel on the table and because of the reflections of the top of the boat in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflections are focused on.
Now, if we take a common bullet and run and we make it throw the same distance, and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times a time, how much do you think it would take us to feel that film?
One day? A size? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film   from a slow bullet in motion.
And how about natural nature is that?
You can see the waves that would be lost from the table, the tomato and the wall wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thought about a discovery at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time this shot, you'll notice that, as the light gets off the tomatoes, it goes bright -- it doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light light inside its inner and back after several seasons of second.
In the future, when this monkey is in your mobile phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is motivated without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure -- very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition -- so you can barely get some light.
We send that bullets and millions of times, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very nice, we take those bits of data and we train them together to create those messages that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in a interesting way.
They can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a supercomputer future would allow you to see after the rocks?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the doors. Because of the room, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bulbs.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our message.
Behind the wall there is a school and we bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Natural Medical Music.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that way, our market, has unique abilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent to what a distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture, you see on the screen, you don't really have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them and try to analyze the multiple babies of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in the sample?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid color with what's on the back of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build careful pieces of seeing the inside of the body by providing collectively, and the same thing for the protections.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood this is pretty hard, so this is really a loss of scientists to start thinking about photography as a new possibility of visualization to solve the problems of technology in the next generation.
So as Dr. December, he himself a scientist, made science in art, an art of particular photographs.
And I realized that all of the bits of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization, but we can do it.
It creates a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color codes.
And we look at those waves -- remember, time between each of those waves is just a mere seconds of seconds.
But here's something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the cup, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have been delighted to see this image.
The order in which the events happen in the world sometimes appear to the camera.
By applying the corresponding space of space and time, we can correct this distortion of this.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, it would go to Dudow and make famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a kid of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were holding in search for a change.
This is the picture of 1989, imagine if all these people who are meeting in search for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the present people have a cell phone here?
Plant them.
Raise their mobile phone, they find them.
Let's get it. An Angley, a Blackberry, a birthday.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But I'm going to talk about me, my mobile, and how life changed me.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in the arm.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the U.N. Commission presented a direction.
The Data Redwood Decreast.
This direction says that every European company, every spring of the Internet of all Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who he sends to.
Who sends him a text to who I got to it.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his own one of the Internet.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data data.
We want the argument in the digital age, and we don't want the phone to go and the Internet properties store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see a few thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Let's not fear me."
And some even said that this would be the 20th 2000.
The Star was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone -- Telescope Leonardo, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah -- ball.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But School Leonardo said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed a deal.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information I could.
Meanwhile, the German States Alexander failed the international for the German law of the E.U.
So I received this ugly sign with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Transportation and five thousand pounds of information lines.
At the beginning, I watched them and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data performance means.
So, next to Keith Commission and Crime Data City did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I am.
And you can see how I'm going from Frank in train to colony, and what often I call in the project.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives you a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
Not all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them in.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this never had happened.
The fall of Berlin Berlin may never have happened.
And, in fact, not the fall of the Queen of Hero.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the international and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the protection.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home to your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century and it's not happening.
When you go home, give them to your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information they store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for the international age in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happens?
I call myself Gama Gates and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut down to my mom six times in six different directions and and advisers the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain forms, so the time all the time.
Look at me.
It's a marriage. I'm like a molecule of School."
And Muhammad Ali.
The P, C is not genetic here.
It's not confidence or it can hire you.
Nobody translated the uterus, and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've been willing to be discovered.
Let's go.
And you're in the shopping center, are in the commercial center, drive in circles in pursuit and what do you see?
16 places of empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little stranger?
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and P, C is just one of them.
In there to be a symbolism of the oppression. I won the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian stage, Muslim woman, and school and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Kelly, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial them.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain probabilities don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dance song a song.
If my three older sisters clean up, I clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were left to the school system and made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't get all the way out of the maximum grade, we all get the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five and a lot of my kidneys in their feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that he would have it.
The Stewart I took inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bank champion.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they're still all in the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about appropriate to use the Muslims.
People who I grew up with no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot that died in hunger during the shot.
I told you that he had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I will stop from the dawn.
I was dancing in Brooklyn.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to the dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with the trains.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using songs, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we'd become Maria.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to stay to me, so I drank milk milk on the back, I got warm cups on the back, and I remember that the water burned the eyes and he thought, "Alask, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I made yoga was a standard computer that I couldn't put out of the piece.
And now I can hold on the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the Germany Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all of them.
It was like the sea of theater department.
They all love me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I spent the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass of glass my teachers cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bank very slow in Pakistan.
It's a work of a girl with brain forces.
I was a girl with brain forces.
So I started screaming at four views, "In the end, having a role.
I have brain forces.
At the end of the end.
Thanks to God powerful, in the end, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Boy Brown.
I went to incredible running to the description of theater, crying about historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the stunt scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the stunt stunt stunts either.
It was a role for the one who literally had been born, and they gave it to a activity without brain forces.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a tremendous history of hearing actors without disabled adoption papers.
As I graduated, I returned home, and my first art turn was like a strange in a tension.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be a decision from "Management" to better friend in a summer.
Instead, I went there as a narrative, I didn't see me more than the new one, and it was obvious to me that the concrete managers didn't hire distance actions, not white, with disabilities.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching College Barbarine, Mother Barren, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were compared.
That's why I made a fantastic.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comic friends from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that he was going to high speed by the New Jersey ancient and a driver that had brain forces.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censor and without it.
Some people say I'm the first global world the Arab world.
I never like to throw the first place, but I know that they never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and you find very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Babylon, and I launched the New York City of New York City, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the brain in the media of communication, and at the same time to remind the detectors of reporting that South and Arabic are not synesthesia.
And integrating the Arabs was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the news news program and Karley Compare behind Keith Lennic.
I walked into a graduation dance and dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal, and I said, "Excuse me, you can give me another salazan stage?
She looked at me and said, "Look, four, three, two.
And we were in the hand.
So I cling to the presentation of the counter to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was lost.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the described. I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not only Mr. Leonardo came back to me, but I had remained as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Leonetan was that people on the Internet are school.
It tells you that kids are critically, but they never got out of me or a child or the higher.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object of barrier.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why does it work?"
Is it representative?
And my favorite broken the terrorist background.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A computer suggested even that I would add my disability to my culture, studies, compared to the plastic, function.
The disability is as visual as race.
If somebody in the wheelchair cannot do Berkeley, then Berkeley can't make somebody in a wheelchair.
The disability are the -- yeah, clapping.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say not walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with media media, I don't think it would be.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My little journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet lit by the divine of the London Susan Landers, and the cholera London Santara.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandai and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matther Algerian.
I remember the world by saying, "The Arabs have become high.
I was elected in the restaurant of the great state of New Jersey at the OECD of 2008.
And I founded "The kids of Manhattan, a charity organization to give the children to refugee Palestinian a third of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and he dedicated this talk to her memory.
It is paper in peace, paper.
My name is Maria Gates, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village south in South Asia.
This village is near Machine.
The drought drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the imagination.
Without anything to him, it goes to the big city, in this case, McDonald's, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Machien.
After maybe a child year, nothing.
One day you have a gentleman who offered him to take it to lunch, after dinner to get away.
He knows a group of people who give him a description.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They present a young guy.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life of life.
A beautiful day in Machine, under a blue sky -- it bursts a car bomb.
That kid of that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide bombers and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab -- a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a young village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the city of the monkey?
He was waiting for.
I was expecting an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective -- and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing that pulled it from what we call "the designer distance."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young urban urban young people who require riots in Johannesburg -- they require riots in London, which seek something beyond the body of specifically."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the body of the brain -- the door of access to terror, to violence, to the paintings, will be the history of the city cities.
And in my birth city, McDonald's, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Machine last month, and I went to visit the hospital, the hospital where he was born.
I remember being at that hospital accelerated to barrels thinking, and if I never told me?
What if I had been forced to be in that same "participate of "surprise?
Would I have become a stranger?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Machine that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a business threshold.
They assembled about 90 healthy juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to big challenges that the city.
One of the young men in the room was Dan.
He went to the University of Machine, graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, which because it was a graduate university, unemployed frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be realized.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Machine, the biggest hurdle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move around.
They see an opportunity and the record.
It started a motorcycle company.
It began molecule to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is somewhere to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this different story?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "participate of specifically."
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed McDonald's, a flower.
I was helping us train some of the young at the threshold of corporate initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Machine has seen in more than 22 years ago, and until Mohamed came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding. I used a plastic of plastic sent from the stranger.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw freezers little freezers?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of painting and fundamental design.
He created a farm in the outskirts of Machine, and he started to grow headlines and lines, who said, could survive the hard climate fourth of Machine.
And it started the flower of flowers for wedding barriers, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies in the city, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park of Machine in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Machine.
It wants to create a space where families are, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the real rocks.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Mohamed presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which could be an art of change.
For the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They developed business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in the development and put in a march of their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, providing them the support they need to move from the awareness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Make is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His park of peace, that's how it calls it, when it's created when it's created the way people see their city.
They were able to hire kids from the street to help rent and keep the engine for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the penis of the "probably book?
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, you turn young people in entrepreneurs, they go up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than button and "Parish participations.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the mountains Anderson: a southern area north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun made the leaves glow as a virus, and not to be the way that we are, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in the ground that earth.
We get to our camp.
It was a beer in a search with sight to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a battery, from about four square feet with apples of apple carbon balls of aluminum paper, and old care.
And I was in an analyze, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The facilities that were too lazy to pull out what they had, who thought he was going to clean their battery?
That question went with me, and it was simplify a little bit.
Who cleans our battery?
No matter how they organize or where you get the food? Who clean our trash in Service?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Superman Health Department is the battery of 11,000 tons of waste.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that job.
What does the uniform feel and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their projects and interviewed people in offices and installations.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage resource.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And he was operating the mechanical schools and the snow would work.
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning.
Everybody questions about smell.
It's there, but it's not as powerful as you believe, and in the days that it is very strong you can be used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies still adopted the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of States, the waste of waste is one of the 10 most dangerous concerns in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass down around you.
They just want to spend you, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck, and they cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the same thing.
When you get out of the cave and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that trash is like a force of nature itself.
It never ceases coming.
It's also as a form of breathing or care.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think records of waste are the most important workforce in the city streets for three reasons.
They're the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste efficiently and effective every day, this starts to defend from their containers and their inherent dangers threatened in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for what the engine engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption is.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointed out your relationship.
And then it is what I call our average speed disaster need.
I mean that just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we will not repair or we clean them up with us our coffee coffee face, our ball of the sands, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget them, because we know that there is a force force on the other side that will get away from it.
So I want to suggest you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their job, I think, is almost tragic.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do the ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, of our own waste, our own waste, and that flow must always stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a collection of waste in the street, grabbed my little child, and he went down the stairs running down, and there was a man making his paper recycled track as all the microbes.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just appearing, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay.
Shortly after that I started investigating waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we work together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts for figuring out the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage represent three percent of the amount of waste waste.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and his lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, and take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today, I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become a essential part of the ultimate piece of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Bueld.
This is the kind of construction that we showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go up."
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to resource.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the sector with crystals generates heat on the inside, so it needs a lot of cooling power.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it is a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees every year.
And thirdly, their aspect has nothing to do with Africa not with Ethiopia.
It's a piece of a picture of a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really caused with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to little versions.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the picture, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, including all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an inclined old that creates an open-air space in the building that is pushing up, in its own shape, of sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a painting shell.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons.
They have properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the date.
We're building that with these little pretty particular pieces that let the air and light in a controlled way to the interior of the building.
This is combined with these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it didn't turn easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we designed."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the commercial center because in order there were more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic not only because of the material compared to the glass, but because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy storage for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we get a big advantage to put paintings on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban case.
And these patches on the roof, which in the set of water collect water for the interior states.
It was expected for early the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do such a big project, the greatest one I had designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of anti-school who was surrounded by a wall with a dozen doors of access connected by lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was broaden the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, as the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best sentence for an apartment in the media camera?
And it's National, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that ensure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards and then on the plant plant we have all the connections for the penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the plant plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to restore the community that was occupied by construction.
It's where all of the neighbors, can go up and get accessible, and make such as a race of two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies to the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child joined to our class. It was as remarkable, as all new girls.
I had great balls of very bright hair and a little bit of pencils -- cute. It was super strong for the capital capital capital, very good for photography.
I ended up that year and I was full of them, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I became a time after the school, and it was a little late and I hid myself in the machine bathroom.
When the coast was still, salt, I entered the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of the grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some like that.
All the So.  And I was willing to return the book into the box. But to see, some of my other roommates had very good news as well.
So in a border, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of the side and myself a row of So just to be there, because I could.
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never catch me.
It's that everything was obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I apologize the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for a prototype.
I'm intrigued by them.
They're so mysterious and so small.
We know that babies suffer from them.
Also, the primates. The blue birds are very proposition.
We know that the hairs are the number one of confinets in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzing loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to the fiction, because the novels are like the lab they study in all its possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's a exaggeration saying that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Because there wouldn't be Heller the factory, no helium would be "Well."
There would be no special king or "The 1,000 and a night.
There was no conference.
They would take the high school lists in high school, because we would be losing "The Russia and the War," there would not be "The "Federal and "The Frank," wouldn't have "Star "Management" and "Montana Christian."
Without them, there is no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Project has the answers for everything, and in terms of them, almost you have them.
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece, "In the pursuit of the loss time, the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also the ordinary competition, the mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Protection, we have the mental details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a modern magnitude in you of sandwich.
We forget how hard it is that image.
We forgot how potential it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Guard said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how the cat, but we assume it's supernova.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cleans, the hairs and Professor.
Is it going to be very obvious as the jealousy, who reduced the person, their wish, their impacts, are a really solid bank good.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel them.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being the narrative and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to clear the knife -- right?
The crows make us all infected, and that's something that Project understands it.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Professor says that every single love that Panbanisha detects in their lover, he adds it to its contractor of instruments in their private camera.
You have to admit that San and Protect, they were all clear.
You know, Professor boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so careful to recognize that it's a tough job, right?
These are carefully architects.
It's a hungry emotion.
And what are the them?
The hairs are coming out of information.
They use the details.
And they like the big amounts of hair balls and the cute and small fight.
The hairs come out of the photos.
This is why Steve is so successful --  Professor links well with the language of the cancer with the cells.
When Santa is in your carbon standard, they suddenly hear behind the doors and bribed to the services of their lover and then it depends on those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is pretty cool, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "You're scientific research with true intellectual value.
Protocol is trying to prove that the hairs look little unbelievable and make us seem absurd, but in your mind, they're search of knowledge, search for the truth, a very painful truth, in fact, to what promised consumer, the more painful truth, the better.
The pain, the place, the problem: these were the pathways towards Professor.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, it causes us a range of feeling much deeper and vital than a wise man who can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for companies of colleagues?
No, I think it's trying to say that the crows disclose us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way that particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals us our advertising, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Was some other emotion that teaches us to look at such a peculiar intensity of intentional?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look what his wife did.
Because she was incredibly intense -- everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under surprised without any cause.
But he was looking for things that made his wife, without realizing it, involuntary.
Does it sound too much? Or does it accidentally come up with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the concept of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels are described very well how we smell them with intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, calls us to make violent acts or illegal acts of them.
We smell them to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to link to the new girlfriend of his girlfriend -- I have to trust that when or this, reacted with admiration when or so.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- even though unfortunately, creativity, right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Alaska Microsoft.
Michael is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and bright character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Architects at a "London and "The Toylahest" -- "Please, books that try to how the jealousy, trust our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the region, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punch in a second.
Take Tom Rosetta, their most famous character.
Tom Bolly is going to want you to want what you're going to get away from your self and to stand from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It takes your bank, he takes your rings, he gets your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Google.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as I wanted to.
It's a language, because we live in time times.
We live in time times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is the currency of the civilization? Right?
The novels show us the satellite? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're before a mystery.
Let's go to Brown Street and ask by Hollywood Hollywood.
When people think about Home, you think of the malitary indicated in Professor Maria, that criminal genius.
But I always prefer the President Project, the chief head of Saturn Santa who needs to be about Bolly, needs the genius of Home, but he says.
Oh, I sounds so familiar.
It does need their help, but it turns out, and bubbles with submit in the each one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Avenue of six Popper Steves, once Home comes in, it would crush everyone with their solution, and he goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not clean, sir.
We are proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person at Stanford Dentastron who didn't want to make your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Home soldiers in history. I think this very important is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Petrolie.
The next minute, they're on the same side.
Suddenly, it enables you to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it be so simple?
What if the rut, really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like planets of connection.
So as we wait that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to make us.
Just describe the decisions of them.
The fiction alone says, the invites to the table.
And look at the thing that the black -- the sweet the Party Mandalo, the theory Tom Robert, the Los San President, the same Marcel Professor.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the 14 Apollo poly and learned about the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray gray gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest movement in peace times in American history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo was working about 400,000 people and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Paleon program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Alask after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of back out of it, 365 kilos of old rocks and something that 24, and then a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the sophists, that this nation had better rockets.
But the first words in Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1960 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why is the moon for?
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And they could also ask, why scale the highest mountain and the most alternative?
35 years ago, why flying about the Atlantic?
Why does it play Rice against States?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pants: For the computers, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the most strong thing to get the power of the power power.
They were because it was a great thing to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological teams.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the cops were eradicated and broke the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be what Alvin Fold in 1970 called the acceleration force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with a candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo Apollo crew flew to 40,000 miles now.
Since 1970, no human being has become the moon.
No one has travel faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated as going to Mars, creating a clean energy, curing the cancer, or feeding the cancer, or feeding the world population seem to have been infected.
I remember seeing the 20th Palm depression.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they didn't look at the tube of the back of the Architecture Tom Voice.
I knew that this would be the last mining mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like inventions, and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated window.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a collaborative explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel inside Indian, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the calculators, in concrete the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused to change the creation of transnational ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were on their logical point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, mindset investments that they could go in 10 years.
The Courts, they have always had problems to invest in technology as energy, that need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we cannot solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we chose not to solve big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But I'll go to Mars I would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we cannot solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and barrier -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar power and wind, and oil is cheaper than the barber.
We want the energy sources that you can share in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and the entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and development development, and some kind of control of the coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy U.S. policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological -- not to be.
We know for a long time that famines are result of failure in the food department.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair but there will be humans while there were bad government.
And finally, big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Stanford declared cancer war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible sensors to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented -- political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must really be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission -- which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, which is completely with those buildings.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 2011.
There is no shaming competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who requires the difficult and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And I really didn't even solve any problem.
We're just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become aware of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a simplicity, there has been a huge decline of trust, is a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has been disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I hope to think that it may have gone into some activities or institutions and that it could have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there's no lot of evidence of it.
I mean, people who were describing 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, they continue to inspire the same defend.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confident, bees, nurses.
The rest of us is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway half of the road.
But is this this enough?
What the opinion polls are recording are, of course, opinions of opinion.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians? Is it in the marketers?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you trust the reductions?
Confined in the predators?
"Do you trust the markers in the primary?
You probably begin to ask, "To do that?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust in some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to define trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, or work or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, saying I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in no way to drive the school screen.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my best friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to send the good inherent judgment in the fact of trusting something or in somebody else.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
That's not the goal that I would go through.
I would point to have more confidence in what is commercial of trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a clue to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who put their savings with the very quickly named Mr. Mars, who then disappeared with them, I think, and I think, well, yes, they were too reliable.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
For depression or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust but trustworthiness.
What it's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they accessible? Are they responsible?
And if you find that a person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust in it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter on the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are relevant and responsible but extremely depression.
If it's like that, I still haven't been protected.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build systems of accountability for all sorts of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that would make us easier the task of collaborating their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the angle paper than the advertise in the season.
And we find the same problem in all our public lives, and institutional and the accountability system that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness.
What they do is they difficulty the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the particles, demanding that the scales are the scales -- as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, all that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust and we would convey the people who are confident and if we try to determine whether other people, or or politicians or politicians are trustworthy.
It's not easy. It's the circuit, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Thirdly, the task.
I will call the task to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's different because we give them other people.
You cannot reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough base so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you cannot deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also need to make evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That makes every day, everywhere, makes people ordinary people, the officials -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can give them without giving explanations without giving them.
I take them and give me the money, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you're trust in what you're saying.
So, in the end, I think what we're aiming is not very hard to say.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been talking about by reducing the separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has been growing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if you didn't have barrier?
I started figuring out how it would be.
First created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when the strong surface against the screen is their physical body to patterns.
Designers can match their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs, underneath the screen.
So with this tool broke the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the Association of Science applied from Microsoft, along with my mentor Eric Buel, he surrounded the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area.
And by combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can lift the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with the hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in the real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a state.
You can make the book and get lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is under every floating screen.
The architects can either be or rotate their mass directly with the hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual property for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transformative when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them be physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future like that?
At MIT MIT with my author Hiroshi Child, and my collaborator, Michael Paul, we created this only physical physical.
This favorite magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
So similarity, what we did was to evolve gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detections.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach conservation physically and distance and famous take from Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use that as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and, unlike the monitor, or the textbooks of text, this is a real and powerful experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without us that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a picture for two years in Canada, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the payment spending.
But my mother mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After survive the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a close path towards happiness, a safe job and good job.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese period.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A lot of opera must begin to come up from very young to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I wrote to the school director and a radio program.
But no adults gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew that it was too much more to train.
My dream will never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class was the only thing I could aspire for.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another record.
No one around me wanted to teach me, OK.
I went to books.
"The Poles of San Standards Standard Standard Standard -- "The United Nations High High High High High story: What were the first books that he here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a theme for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a relationship, "You'll give your father and your mother."
"How different, I said, "It's so different, and much better than help."
So it became my tool to get out of this computer care trap.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparistic reading.
Bringing many perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me outside because this is what the students in China learn.
I was shocked with me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compare reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research camps as a collaborative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
You can try to try from people "What Party Frank from Walter Harvard Darwin Daniel of David Canada who were involved in a very something or friends with shared experiences.
For the Concert, the temptation is economics, politics and specialized.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
"The Canada of Charles Tamists Commandment Cameron Pattern Patth Darwin instead of lost in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized in Chinese literally means "Alchermanty quickly, "Oh Ja.
And "Invite in Chinese, literally it means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel just or important to you.
Having a sleep dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered to.
I've come to believe that the reaction is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams, where the dreams comes from, where happiness comes from.
A sleep dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So books are always going to get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first particular client.
I was a Ph.D. student in Philippiness in Berkeley.
She was a 28-year-old woman named Lilarility.
Alex came to the first session using cowboy and a pollen took, sat in the couch of my office took the shoes and said he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so hard.
My classmates had a paradigm as a first client.
And I got a veteran that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we were back to the solution.
"The trains are the new guys, he said, "Star, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get married later, you have children afterwards, until death goes later.
For seconds like Alex and I had time about it.
But soon after, my survival was presented to me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resident.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys underneath his category, you have a head of a habitat room, but it's not like it was going to marry you."
And then my supply said, "No no, but maybe you get married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work on the Mong marriage, is before he cases?
This is what psychologists call a moment "What "I did."
It was when I realized that 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20, they were a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
And so I realized, this kind of benign benign was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life but for the careers, families and the future of veterans everywhere.
There are 50 million residents in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to adulthood without going to spend before by the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s, right?
I want to see the versions here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with versions, you love a careful, you take your dream off a search, I want to see. It's good. It's incredibly amazing, the real versions matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Wow, that give her life to have spent for when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40 don't go in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how many money they gain.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future future at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their 20s and is programmed for the adults, which means that if there is something that they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 200 than in any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their connection at the 28, and things become complicated at the age of 30.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when your everyday life and common life has an impact on the person that will become yourself.
But what we don't listen to is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the brewers are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20s, an extended teenage attack.
The journalists give you a ridiculous name to the versions like "In the "In "paintings and "such "Seasons."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a creativity that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when they give you palm into the head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency, and his ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart versions, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that while it starts a race before the 30, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20s are going to finish and I still haven't got anything to do.
I had better recovery the day I graduated from the college."
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the '70s were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, it turned out the music, and everyone started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one I would stay standing for, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the brewers here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '90s, there's a huge pressure to the training and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick up a mate, and have two or three children in a very short time.
Many of these things are not complex, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career that you want now.
And realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your child.
A lot of transportations and contractors see themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?
I want to change what the brewers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Mom.
By 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in their own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work on art or entertainment, but you couldn't even say, so I spent the last few years working as a promise.
As it was cheaper I lived with a girlfriend that I showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very hard, their life had been even more difficult.
It was constantly crying in our sessions, but then she was lifted by himself to say, "You don't choose his family, but it can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new book for a director, and I had spent all the morning filled with his many contacts and then I got to see the empty space that goes after the words -- "In case of emergency -- please call me."
I was about the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an authority?
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I spent a lot of work to resist and I won't say, "No."
What Emma needed wasn't a clue that really would be worried.
It took a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit down as the decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the book, man or woman, deserves it.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis, and it would be capital.
For capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the career of Mom, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the time for that work on the other side of the country, of that international, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not going to download the underlying exploration, I'm going to download the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protection.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are variable.
The best friends are excellent to bring to the airport, but the versions that come together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know what they know about, what they know, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes out almost always comes from the outside of its nearest circle.
The new things come from what are called faint ties.
Yeah, half of the veterans have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to carve this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vegetarian, he loves to pick up her family, when I have a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come in.
Maybe you think that 30 is better than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to pick the person that you live right now, or you are willing now when everyone in Facebook, you start walking.
The best moment to work on your marriage, is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're in work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whom it is that you pick them.
So what happened with Mothera?
Well, we took that director, and she found the fourth of a promise that I worked on in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped you get a job there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend, which I live.
Now, five years later, it's a special set of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, and I love her new family, and I sent a letter to say, "Now the emergency emergency spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with versions.
It's very easy to help them.
The versions are like planes who come out of the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere from the west.
Right before the disappeared, a slight line in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in Fiji or in
In the same way, at the age of 21, or 25 and even 19, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the versions that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to English.
This is what I now have the privilege to tell you about as Montana as Emmanuel all days. The trains are not the new 20, they remix their adolescence, they get identity, they use their ball bones, they use your family.
They don't stop to define why they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in a very successful job for a work that was even more expensive, discussion.
I went to teach mathematical students in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I put tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, calculating the grades.
What struck me the attention was that the College, not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance had not had companies of Comes, strategies.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that I started thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult, protected, the area of a prototype.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from an educational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
Is it Commander, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Air military West Pacific.
We try to predict what to stay in the military training and who would be recorded.
We went to the National National Accessibility and tried to predict what kids would move as far as possible in the competition.
We study teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods and asking you what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking questions, what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs better?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, it came up with a characteristic as an important driver of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, the physical health and was not the College.
It was the distribution.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years, and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then wait for about more than a year to see who they would graduate them.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when I started them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized evidence -- even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National National contest that matters. It's also in school, especially for children in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a good job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term, right?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them determination to them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the storm is commonly not related or even related to the talents of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in kids is something called "mind medication.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Decompocad, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Decompocade has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to figure out when they fail, because they don't believe that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop purpose.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to fail, to start all around new with the lessons that are learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more distance.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan like the daughter of a career, one of my most conservative memories is my mother showing the beauty, the form and the shape of Chinese creations.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a farmer, it seems as important as the Great Wall World.
In the last few years, I've been asking if I can break this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated sophisticated sophisticated stuff.
I started thinking about how a new method and rapid method could be useful.
Since I was five, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy here.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as it is possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Here.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides as if I was screaming in a slow way, "I am sticking in a front way, "I am discussing the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree, tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a pair of doors from a singer in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's saying."
As the old said, two are company, three are mother.
If one person would be your arms, this person is saying, "It was like that."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner -- such as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the dots.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a design."  Easy to remember, because a tree tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the game?
Two games together, very hot.
Three films together, that's a lot of them.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's calculation.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, I think.
Three together, those are disasters.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the ball.
It also means tomorrow after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It is going to be move.
One door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Community, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing it, head.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discovering.
Three women together, you have care about it.
So we've already spent about 30 characters.
When you use this method, the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred of hundred characters, which is the same thing that learns a Chinese Chinese Chinese.
So after we met the creations, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin we create Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two stacked mountains one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese crimes were holding their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you to where to go out is a salam.
This is a slide to remind me that I must stop talking and get out of the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gland, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand and take a magic wand on.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's remarkable.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy industry.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a few years ago with a little bit later than a many projection whose projects, a metal kid and a young boy would rescue a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there is a couple of different differences between the Middle Magazo and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Middle Sea.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the advances.
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today, the magician would say, "Well, you are the Sara salvation as the protection predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the factors generated by the material of evil back.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters, wise and even neighbors are women.
I started to notice this when I did to see Star Warren to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
three years old.
It wasn't invited to project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of supply had come down.  So he stood up in the room and I was amazed as a leg mom with his shoes behind, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but inevitably, it was all the whole thing.
I wonder what it is.
Would they be issues of value, service and the factor?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is a army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1980s market of 1988.
How do Dorothy win their film?
It makes good things with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force faith -- force in the movies for our children, and so little from the path of yellow literature?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I've not read so much about how kids react to this star.
I know by experience that the Princess professor doesn't provide the proper framework that would have been served to navigate the world of adults who are microbes.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- really hoped that the credit will start appearing because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend here.
Why are you standing out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other heights.
It's almost like whether for being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There's a lot of exceptions, and defend the pressure of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though them, kids are not really their public public.
They do a phenomenal work when teaching girls how to defend the participation, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the particular.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids, so real and charming like Heronati and Kates, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues in classic after classic after the angles of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who are raising a child.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, eventually came out Venter.
I recommend it to all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a pretty big movie.
It's very good. Don't stop that the generation.
Well, almost none of these films pass the test of Bernie.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There's no roots and it already spread out, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alan Bernie is a cartoon of comics, and in the late 1980s, recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the evaluation of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do: In the film, there are more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more than the kid that you like --  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between them.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, and I went to see a very good movie.
Right? More of the Professor, a cancer idea of what is a Hollywood movie movie.
Virtually it doesn't happen the Benevial test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a pregnant where men and women hide during the receivership crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the big moment for one of the performances to take a look at the door and say, "You see the bed care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female professors?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that this one who's going to disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in your life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
Nor I think the music videos or pornography. They're closely linked but something that is wrong, and when I hear that statistic statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual surgery.
Who are those guys? What are those stuff?
What do you don't have to learn for?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violence with violence and then get the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our position as a problem problem, and we hope that it helps that, but I have to ask: probably produce it to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or probably, are we educating our children to maintain their mobile power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I really refer to the parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of a man.
The definition of male is changing radically change.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the acceleration.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from "Star Party know what he said about?
They were it.
They were called Kennedy and Gene.
What are these two in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son, and I see and struggle only and more stories where you see that their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better improve and be better people, like the magic of P.D.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these connections.
They're covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me pick them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of love and ancestory.
And finally when I started studying psychology, I realized to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, of course, in Egypt, my little beach in Manda had grown up to one of nearly 300 miles of length next to the Ellen.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared use.
This is a place located in the eastern side of Egypt called Bengali.
And the place, in the simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing is real changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Stanford, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the former Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the average empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fance, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this big renaissance of the old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Berkeley was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plane plant of rain.
This area is enormous -- roughly 12 by 12 miles.
Before, the Silicon Standar right next to Berlin and as it changed over time, he moved to this one and covered all the city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape, right?
And trying to find it to the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paper, with the eyes sold and using baseball genetics.
So we use NASA NASA data to make a map of the place, very subtle changes.
We could see where the Elicate is.
But you can see more depression, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it might be the rise of British.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists making a sample of monkey work, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human computer.
Five meters down, underneath a thick thick of it, we find a dense layer of clear objects.
So this means that in this possible location of Boston, five meters down, we have a layer of a bunch of hundred years of years that take from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is British.
We also found stone work, collapsed, careful and galaxy, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem not to be much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a kind of dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a film shop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find Bell here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, probably was written in Boston 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all of the vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to you, TED was not founded in 1984 -- C.
You make the ideas actually happen in 1984 to C, or in a city lost not for a long time and found from high school.
It certainly puts the search of marine cars in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now visualizing a group of black black in bicycles.
They're competing in a new race of bikes and they're going to address their door door.
I need to look at this.
They're losing strong, they're studying, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide in front of the door of your house.
There are banks flying across all parts of us, wheels that pass on their side, ray of the wheels that ends up in open places, pass the threshold of the doors.
And the summer, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The bright light on the Muslim of the Gallow.
She's waving them with the hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that I talk about.
You can feel their blue hair by making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the gallery and pass that is about to get into the mouth.
They go on the side and train their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
It's with little clothes, dancing on your center table, singing "The "Minotaccus "Massan Mars Mark Times."
Now let's get to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Computer.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I guess, I guess, this was like the end of a support of wise surprised.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene.
They were looking at hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with more quickly the order of a deck of nationalists.
And I thought, "This is incredible it's incredible."
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed College who had come from England and it has one of the best interviewed memories.
I said, "Oh, when do you realize that you were a known?
I said, "I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that I used Wagner to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize stuff in the whole works.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear about this attacked?
We were standing outside the room of competition, and I, who is an amazing English and brilliant English -- even though a little bit bitter, he said, "Jone, you are a American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spanish you?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spring how to memorize the order in a battle of living glass in national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spin, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something right?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year not only training my memory, but also investing it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called "Management."
He's amazingly, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. In he was based for the Paleonant role in the movie "Wood Manhattan.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized the long-term genes -- it was the lens.
And when I came back, I read a lot of treaties about the memory memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Dark Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in that this idea of getting trained memory, and discovered and crops wasn't a thing as rare as we can look today.
A lot of time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide the break their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but we've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would argue that they have changed us too.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate by this idea of a trained memory, discipline and crops is this complex competition of memory.
It's not really so strength, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest of the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test, and the answer was actually not really.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory and the contractors of control that they compared them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, expensive and form of snow of snow -- they found that in memory champions were lit parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect, they were used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memorize is driven as a armed race where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put in the day.
This is my friend Ben Professor, three times a lot.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 pounds of depression barbers who he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just dominated it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 448 digits random birthday.
In a half hour. Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call the refrigerators called.
It illustrates with an elegant thing known as the "deal "Star: "I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you -- remember, there's a man named Barbare."
That's his paper.
And then I ask them, remember, there's a "gray device."
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word that I told you a robot?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who said that his name is Bangladesh is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said that their job is "salaman?
Same word, different capacity.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bang, doesn't really mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship.
With all the other memories that dance through their head.
But the word -- "Well, "We know the paths.
They use submission white seasons.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell well when they come back to work.
We probably know some path.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting the activists to be able to easily fishing them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to make this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the mistake of the memories."
The story says like this: There was a poet called "Managemen that attended a bank.
They had hired it as intention, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party of parties, it didn't bring up to a D.J. was hired to a poet.
He stood down, he got his memory poems, and he got together, and so soon it was left, the forest of the bankers collapsed collapse.
Put them together.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by letting them off.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
So symmetrical, standing outside, only survivor in the middle of the books, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting at each other.
I took the family relatives to where they were their loved ones among the schools.
What Dimisco opened in that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or word instructions for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and special memory.
If I asked you to get the first 10 words in the story that I just told you about Symphones, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who he was sitting on the horse they would brown brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and try it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, disappeared, grandmother, screen and astonishing is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin,
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it in memory, in the same way that they had done cancer if you had invited him to Acconsery 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine they're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous picture, crazy and impossible to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely institutional competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you see the monster of the cookie mounted on Mission P.D.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Commission.
And then you would see Britney Spanish to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they go into the kitchen, and the fourth thing that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
That's how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical per capita.
In fact, the term "Please," comes from the Greek Google," which means "surgery" that means.
This is a dress.
The phrase "Pregnancy would be like the first place in their memory size.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of fill in that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something very much about this math of competitive memorials.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a clinically boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody is massively massive.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat up to see the New York Times just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school high school bought in a market market.
And I found that this was really entertaining.
I would ever have expected it to be.
It was invented, because it wasn't just about training the memory.
What is actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemicals, values, intellectual, and property and something intellectually and something intellectually and something international and something in the eye of the mind.
I got really excited with this.
This is me, using my training team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of holes and a pair of security security cars leaving only two holes, because the distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a sort of participatory periodicide experiment.
I thought this could be good for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the concert, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the markets of memory or memorize shuffle dancers. To benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be a consumer gift but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deeply focused on.
The memory of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't have to exercise over there.
But the reality is that there's no shortcuts.
That's how things make them.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today -- the memorial I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence on the Everglades or iPhone, not paying attention to being human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so glad that we don't even bother in processing in profound?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to save just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Mr. Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there in my parents' house in a town called Loving, and this was my bedroom.
On the corner, from my dorm was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And among my dorm and the bathroom, there was a bank that was giving to the living room.
And there you all spend the rat looking at TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I was talking to me and I come back in a towel, they all see me.
And I was like that.
It was reproductive, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that battle, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
This is say.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not from disease, but those visceral connections that we feel in the places that we take.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even notice it.
That makes us a little clever and very, very predictable.
So this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I love you -- think of power: "Star and democracy.
And I know you think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a defense that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this trick.
We use it 200 years ago to build bank.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
See, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the factors and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Loving that was finished in 2004, and you know, it has a dome. It has this round thing, columns -- red red -- that let you deliver what And they really try to communicate with this building, children, the values of ownership -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like that.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings -- are all the benefits that are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the principle of the pop.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current forms of life.
We matter, we drive and we drive so much, that we get completely from people.
All of a sudden, this depends on us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside, because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and come back to those symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like protected, so we started to experience again, we make the footprint back to the bottom, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the anger device."
It has to do with the ants.
That can be advanced.
sales, small windows in scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We pushed the power again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and we update them.
We added and added cake and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't get stuck.
We take Korantin and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval violent violent violent.
The shapes were disappeared, they gained in the audience and color.
The bananas became colors.
The countries grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fanciences.
Those fantasies could be the medicine, the French or the Italian.
And possibly with a palm of sticks of bread.
This is what happens with the prototype.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very good, and you all know, this is not the Task.
This is China.
The architects are frustrated and we started making a public revolution in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called development.
We take the historical symbols, we now count with new design techniques for computers, and we find new companies, a few ways that stars against other ways.
This is academic and marketing, and it's super to move up. One is completely excluded.
Normally, the police pop again in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Bush Bush of Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Guildo said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when I critics and academic and public in general, were completely according about a building.
The New York Times took this miracle of microbes.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everyone wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Dickon.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architects.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media became accelerated around them, and quickly learned that those forms would mean culture and subject.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing made the world's main mayors in the world.
So they all believed that if you had these forms, they had culture and surrounder.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, which has other star architects.
He went to Albert and Finechic, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to spend with all the architecture, digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption.
Imagine, for example, how they eat architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology. You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally achieved the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know whether that he designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The architecture was not a two year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or the ancestor, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when the power applies to media, it starts increasingly fast, until getting in both extremes almost on simultaneously, and it really draws the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
We can now make almost international symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to substitute this building that was lost.
This is the center of a village called Pickets in Freedon Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people started getting and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images from a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes consumers with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols. We learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries.
If that building is built today, we would first go to the Internet in search for new baseballs.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what it can be a library.
That's a lot.
You can get to the mayor of London, the people in London, and tell you that there's no unique answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
And architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use big words and complicated words -- and one is no longer a device that doesn't accept anything that has ever seen before.
The architects can listen to them, and you don't have to go through the architecture.
That means that the glucose of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Steve can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical stress of red red with based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
That means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not to the reverse.
This means that a parking parking in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even you can marry at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the New York City, and raise half million dollars of the community community around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little region sky, as much as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more friendly.
We've been hoping that all of you want.
Finally, we're not on opposite places.
They find an architect, and we work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of games.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest space, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our kids, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Sal.
I just turned out a year and it already started walking.
And it makes it that great way, typical of children in a year, burning, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's completely accurate.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
It goes up and talk, and it gives itself those big and few monkeys.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, "When to do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not about our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I distributed?
This is Failio, it's 13 years old and live in Venice.
And as any teenager just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little bit confused because, although his mom tells him all the stuff that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
What his mom tells him and what their friends, or colleagues of school tell them, doesn't know who to believe.
So he does a video of it, I published it in YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a computer, "Am I'm nice, or am I different?
Well, so far, French has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so discovered, which doesn't even deserve the thought to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, which gets these responses in one of their most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's getting them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost not alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, filming me, giving me "I like that, as I like to share it, they care, this never finished up.
We have never been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in your room all night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are impossible.
This environment, to be always connected to our kids to be automatically based on the number of "I like they have and the types of comments that they get.
There's no division between a living life and life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is manipulating simultaneously.
What is the most respected in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily distance?
And where are they looking for the inspired?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the news of girls now.
The street models are still dominating our passions.
The techniques of the destination is now a routine now.
And trends like Khat, Angeless, Gene, African and Paris.
For those of you who know that, Paris means Professor.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people behave.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the one of the despite stars of sports, and the camera cancers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we probably want our kids to grow healthy and be individuals well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start suffering.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributed to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, they avoid to participate in the street debate because they don't want to call attention for their physical process.
One out of five are not attending lectures at all.
And in the expression season, if you don't think you see good enough, specifically, if you don't believe that you are sufficiently lost, you will get a better note to the average of your fellow who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland. United States and China.
And it gets independent from what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to get clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem.
And it's also spreading health.
The teenage adolescents are doing less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they engage in more diet not healthy than you can take them to a food order.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and are in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol of alcohol and drugs, diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early cities and without protection and harm.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight again, regardless of whether they have no higher rates of antibiotics.
The 17 percent of women don't introduce a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Leaving this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to instill trust in your own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of programs really well-intentioned -- without realizing the situation.
So we must make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are points of crucial parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body in body that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires from each of us that we take the shops in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you about the appearance of our politicians in copies of hair or the size of their papers, or to assume that the determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not because they look like.
We all can start doing it by using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you were going to get a spectacular spectacular?
In short, we need to work together as communities, as governments and business companies, to really change our culture, so that our kids grow up by valuing their whole person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion inclusion inclusion in inclusion of innovation.
We need to put people who are actually making the difference on a penicillin.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they see is never going to be who they are, or reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in your life.
Who are in mind?
Do your wife go?
Is her human?
A child?
Do your surface? Do their friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that authentic voice on their inner inside, which is able to be a long legs, still street, a little more flat, lower pieces?
What would it mean for her if we knew this and would we say back to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all to us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for who they are, and so they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We changed each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small stages of a year of age, they become safe agents of change themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5 in 1990, a gentleman named Stanford New entered a hotel in Manhattan and advising the Rabbi Maria Kannels, the leader of the Life of Defense Canada.
And I would initially say it innocent -- but being paid by other minor charges in the company, they started planning attacks at about 12 feet in New York, including tunnels and synagogue, and the U.S.
Luckily, those plans frustrated by an FBI information.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
Later than New would be convicted by their participation in that stranger.
Standard Sea is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a famous American mother, teacher school teacher, between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few and even most Muslims are going to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact, you don't need a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a small fraction of people who are terrified so extraordinarily to their convictions that you think you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before he sat up with me and explained that in the last few weekends of weeks, he and some friends, had been going to a Swedish Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Pollinator Carlego politics, which without knowing our group, was bound by the FBI.
When I got to throw me, my father helped me hold the reflection in the shoulder, and I explained how to point up to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bad bullet I gave to the little orange light about the goal, and to surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle became to the other and in Arabic, he said "Arabic advertise."
As a parent, such a kid.
At all, the comment made a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a load range with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground state of the World Trade Center Center, causing a explosion that killed six people and made another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them an amazing: which means that.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the face new of the class that was often victim of motorcycles.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white, but being the new of the class, quiet and reference, was enough communication.
So most of the time the time happened in house reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons don't develop social skills, to say it again, for growing under an ancestor, I was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or religion.
So how could you open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put into my thinking was during the presidential elections, 2000.
In a college program that I started at the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of youthful violence, as I had been victim victim most of my life, was something that I felt much passion.
The members of this group came from various backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was Jewish, was
It took several days to go to the light this detail and realized that there was no food between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, and I was very proud to have been able to see the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Garden, a park of diversity.
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that the homosexuality.
For a chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most likely and less critical I had seen in life.
There will be a little kid, developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others. But it wasn't easy for me to treat any kind, exactly the way I would have been treated to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is going to be beautiful, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daddy Delice."
Every night, Ron Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my international international anti-power, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my funeral shape at a time when I was desperately needed.
In occasions, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish community would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she said to me something that I will keep in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes who had suffered enough with instant mechanism and said, "I'm tired of heading."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not 11 Francisco.
I changed it when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a potential risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone is trying to bring violence to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better road. I know that there is a better road.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talk, against those acts without meaning, as I reject the actions of my father.
And with this simple I'm going to tell you here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my dad.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there is a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible particular movie.
It's in 3D, and it has sound sounds like what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shot, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, email and happiness.
It's got memories as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in the right.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie -- you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you're aware of.
consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware enough, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we considered?
Why do we have these international films.
Why aren't we just robots that process what we receive to produce results without experiencing the inner movie in the inner movie.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is goal.
The consciousness, by nature, is invitation.
And then you can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, I propose that vision.
The psychology was studying the behavior, the neuroscience was studying the brain, but nobody mentioned the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
And neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Peng said, "Now it's the time for science to come up with the science."
And since then, there was a real exploration, a freezing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search of relationships, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy Kenned a few minutes ago.
We now understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or happy to feel happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain the consciousness. The questions about what certain areas do about the brain and what they relate to.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists though.
There are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the true central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by conscious?
Why is there an internal inner movie.
Right now, we cannot understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to the neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the examples, like the prototypes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical manuscripts are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the extremes work, how the computers work, how the communications are reproduce, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walked, how we talk about how we play adopters, all are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here's the standard paradigm of the suffering, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientist infrastructure.
I want a scientific theory of international that it works. For a long time, I hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms that would work.
But in the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a great chain of bad explanations, great. We used to be used to this: the physics explains chemistry, the chemistry explains biology, the biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
We don't know how to take that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is a kind of analytical, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how much it is.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that the beginning will seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Denness, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the incredibly subjective film include a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions of the brain. And so you study everything that needs to be explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely refugee consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many other people, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is a cool sector.
But I'm in a different direction.
In time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is essential.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental leaders, space and time and mass.
They are using fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity, or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental and the world builds the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is strengthen.
In the 19th century, Manda discovered that you cannot explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of pretty fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, Newton's laws -- and then I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, specifically, time, mass, burden then by the logic of logic, you have to take the list.
The most natural thing would be to make the consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental lesson of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to make it scientifically handle to it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness -- the laws that connect the awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them in a female.
The situation of consciousness is something like that.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them in a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes called the paintings -- "What's been started by all, "single stage, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs -- the mouses, the flies, even the Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has a degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photons can be full of distress when you think "Oh, I always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the rocks.
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of critical feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would somebody think about something so crazy.
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental like space and time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noting that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate the thinking with physical process, is violence consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
It processing complex information, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
It's simple information, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a consumer, Bush Stanford, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the picture, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I know I had to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of the collection, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration, same pretty significant, degree of very important consciousness.
But when you get to the laws, microbes. particles, the degree of the day.
The level of information integration is good, but it's not zero either.
In the Tonyone theory, there will still be a level of different consciousness.
In fact, it provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of child, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that capitalism can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations but we don't talk about the reality that underlies down.
As Stephen Hawking explains "Where the fire of the paths comes from?"
From the visual vision of the physics of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this view, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of advanced.
It's there in the center.
This view, I think, the pastive view, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be electricity.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be visitor.
If you're a painting and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about, well, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral conservations, not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system from Santa in the movie Hello?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the particular information, she has a complicated information processing process so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you add very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of adapting them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collectively, the planet.
Canada has your own conscious?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness -- an internal movie for this full group of TED, different of the internal movies of every single part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this vision vision, is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second of the second is that it's universal.
The next vision of a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to resolve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I met my friends with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to join for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very good, but there's a different problem.
She doesn't really get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's wallet and spent a lot of time looking at the Steves The "Managemen "Literature and Day College."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, when I was in the second part of teaching in a high school of Mennic, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class class in the 11th of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discovered the hand?
And I said, "What do you do?"
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair, talk about inspiring things in school?
"Well, usually in the act of action."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities like inspirational objects.
And we don't know it. And it's not the fault of the many, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid you answer immediately.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that we have lie in relation to disability.
Yes, we have sold us the mind that disability is something bad -- A, Mayor Mary.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability that makes you exceptional it.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make an exceptional attention.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad addiction."
Or this one another, "Your excuse is investment?"
Or this one another, "Before I left, installation from it.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you've seen one, of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with primary carbon legs.
And there is a lot of these images, which are what we call a terrorist inspiration.
And I use the term for distributed, because they rank a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we challenge disability in benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and say, "Well, as bad as my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person."
But what if you are that person?
I've lost the count of the number of times that have been strange to me to tell you that I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up the morning and remember my own name.  And this is charity.
These images, those images process people with disability in benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things that we overcome aren't the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "President personally, which is deliberately because I became a call social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled. Because of the society that we live that because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
And the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their capacity like you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their capacity.
So is it really fair in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here representing the inspiration, and you think, "Why?"
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a pair of barrier to pick up the things that are falling on:  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that excuses and changes us.
I really believe that that lie that we've been sold about disability is the greatest including.
It makes us a hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad addition, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a gram of staircase has never done it in a break.
Never.   I smile in a television screen won't get the subtitles for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a free and or by spreading a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bar.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not arousal, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to rise from the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where a child at 11 degrees a high school in Berniel is not a little surprising that their new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us exceptional but to question what you believe to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the augmented reality and professional football with empathy in the object?
And what is the average speed of a nuclear nuclear carbon?
Unfortunately today I will just answer one of those questions, so please don't get distributed.
When people actually think about an augmented reality, think about "Management Redwood and Tom Calaza where the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because reality is increasing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing, Google Google Galaxies.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that lets them see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game of play at 160 miles the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man of 180 pounds will get us, trying to tell us to all of your being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass, under the helmet and give you a sense of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images from the Projects of Nature, because the idea of the National technology is a submarine rising on the surface. But -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kirtley."
It's horrible to be toxic.
A moment. That's a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kirtly." As you can see, it's a protection of what is being used in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You'll have realized that missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corresponding from the University of Washington.
Marial marker -- Randolema Randoles, mice 458 Randoles.
Blue 8, Blue G.C. we go.
Chris Kirtley." This is a little bit more to the sensation to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the Nation.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it will be their favorite careers, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter -- "You can see from the angle of a field farm.
Or a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of it and how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Robert Robert, which probably many people know about.
The Rift Rock has been described as the most realistic virtual reality ever created, and it's not cheap, right?
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, yeah.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to be playing on playing on."
Oh, my God, Ah!
WK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we solve a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, taking out of a touch with the arm before you run and make an antibiotics? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be a Missing running through the bathroom, launching the right to the bottom of the network? Or Feder doing a step in Darket?
What is your experience when it goes from a mountain to more than 100 miles a the computer computer?
Maybe you increase the bake sales for adults.
But this is not really augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, and you go.
How do we achieve the augmented reality, the concert?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the ministers and the owners see the information of what people want to see and say, "How do we use this to improve our bones?
How do we use it to make distances?
Because they always use technology to gain.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here's a quick review about technology at Netan.
In 1965, the Poles of Baltimore put a wrist to his field male to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the Black puts radio radio in the fields of fields of field and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more interviewed.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to his group and you see his next player showing you in front of you, in a plastic view that you're wearing, you won't have to worry about forget a player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose particularly, and they hate losing individuals.
If you lose parties you can tell you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual security manual.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the exactly, something that's already working already.
And all that information is sent to your careers.
The good equipment will know to send it.
Bad will have information information.
This difference the good equipment of the bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your board, and the analysis of data stop being just for nerds.
Who would be for deserts. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the fields.
Imagine you are the field of field.
You get the bullet and retrieve.
You look at a open receptor -- suddenly a flower in the left of your bombsight is going to tell you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, you know, you wouldn't see it, but the Catholic system is going to take you out.
You move up to the protection area.
Another flow tells you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the trees, but they give you the back.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your view a patch of grass that goes up and can modify the career.
It is approaching the good, running and ancestor.
The public collections and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game.
To make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sport, because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it only as bread and river, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, will be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports collections.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how drugs are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being settled?
How much is it worth also for an Danny Daniel or a Neil Desert Pakistan trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karachica?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend like always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently joined after 23 years of service.
The majority of those 23 years passed me off the south of the southern county of Marine, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is a technical structure, known by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring aesthetic statement.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Gallow Gates was open in 1973.
Joseph Standards, an engineer.
The suicide of the bridge is not practical nor probability?
But from their openness, over 1,000 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been inspired as such, such as the fall from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that happens underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body is containing the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bone, some of the ones that are vital organs.
Most of them in the impact.
The ones that not, normally add in the infinite water and then get drowned out.
I don't think that the people who are contemplating this method of suicide is realizing the death that they will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to stand before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that boundary, and at its darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back around.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a official in contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barber.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We were struggling to channel the way through these calls.
This wasn't just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officials too.
We've collected a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Raisey.
I met him 22 percent of July last year to receive a call of a Swiss suicide suicide sitting in the heart near the center.
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gallow Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old and had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about a hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
He remembered Greek psychology, Kennapstant created Paris, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that car."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Rwanda and she opened the box.
They came out of it, penis, and all sorts of mothers against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open your box and there's no hope."
It stopped a few strangers, leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This is a lot of nice Jersey and intelligent from New Jersey just taking the life.
I spoke to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the rabbi rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had asked it.
The brutal damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you make if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide was supercritted?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just talk about it, but you have to hear.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point you need.
If you think someone is suicide suicide, you're not afraid of tackling them and asking the question.
One way to ask you the question is: "The similar situations have thought about their life -- you've had these thinking these?
Force the person in front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, except, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk about a couple of days ago, and I got a email from a lady and I would like to read her letter.
She lost his son the 19 percent of January of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and it's with his permission and blessed that I read them.
"Hi, Kenya. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you with a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite interestingly, but I'm going to notice more moments of realizing that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Plato-to to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father the 19 of January.
It never got there.
I called the police of Plaufur and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the car of Mike was down on the bridge.
A witness, I had seen him jumping from the bridge to the 18th of the day before.
Thank you very much for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
Ghanas, the Golden Gate Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a center.
Good luck this week, "Management"
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and tour the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide pull in the steel of the bridge near the north.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Kerry, standing on the sidewalk.
When I looked at me, it immediately impacts the barbaria, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the hour and half the next time, I heard like Kevin talked about their depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his mind that day going back on that lane, giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you go back and give hope and life another chance?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
I was just going to talk to me and just screen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear South Brown, nothing erase the 11 o'clock events, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was burning for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely encountering all of those geometrical traits, but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like it.
We thank God for you.
It's just in debt with you, North Berkeley.
And at the end she wrote, "Well, when I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out like the patient.
"I know I did have it to restore."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and a member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspiring others.
The suicide is not just something I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing your own pain, I steal the opportunity to meet it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
For the general thing, this is just about three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness, and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other was a man who talked to him about an hour.
For that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
At the end of the end, he looked at me, and he said, "Finger, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Herry, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge are not supposed to happen.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and alive and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two, most of those people have said that the second thing they left on the side of the bar realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us must strive for doing.
The suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you don't are, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question brand you. How do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in no way I'm alone.
When I became a model that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had from a little girl.
My outside of my end was finally matched with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complex reasons, I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think, the thing that is getting -- you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, well, I'm beginning.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some people have the value of releasing the constraints of the skin of skin or by the beliefs of who surrounded us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- what you consider accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this language is called relationship.
This is mine.
I was registered as "I would like to do the appearance of my people.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head."
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to inform me.
The gender has always considered an immune done, but now we know that it's actually something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never shared my story, not because I thought to be what I'm wrong with, but why the world deals to those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate being women.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many aren't so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a back of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would make me ask me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still see a man, I met this woman called Taliban.
It's the director of a breakfast beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the concertry of beautiful?
He told me that if she was involved in the past of the prisoners and the visitor, and that night, they won in a bathroom suit, won in a grade suit, and it was third the third end of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty references.
Not a lot of people can tell you that their first job was of a beauty of beauty of black women, but I know.
I also met the goddess of the devices, especially when we traveled to remote visions of the Philippines.
But most importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my solution of the green card that I could go to the United States.
I was resident.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two "I and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of New and "The "memory "members."
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means power or power to get a job, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears became a momming.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many aren't so fortunate.
I think about this woman by May Texas.
A young woman in New York who often lived their truth, but that depends, put it in their life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we make a global surveillance for the United Nations Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to the incentive.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Sara.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, I am here, so that one day there is no longer there in November 20 of November anymore.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Ben, a quick question.
Boy Rocket: Sure. You see, first thank all my bank.
My parents especially to my family, which itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've attended young women, I have presented, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone called my mom and he said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other No. It's just identity identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, everyone is assigned by a born, and what I try to do is to put on the table the topic that sometimes that intensive infinite discourse, and that there should be a space that allows people to accelerate -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The bread movement is invisible compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you.  GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know them for their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who you know about their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mandela started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were referent in 2011, when his conductor was held from the National National Prize, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his dad.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of incentive, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not basically, not by your father, not by your mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives your conversations to mother and no one happy.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a little girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first child, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second child, he communicates and, with the hope of a son, when he lit her third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother died, but the daughter is born, the newly born daughter, when it grows, he suffers too.
At age five, when I should go to school, you stay home and school admit their brothers.
Up until the age of 12 years old, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it turned 13 years old, it promised it to come out of your house without a male cartoon.
It's confined to the four walls in your house.
It's not a free person.
It became the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you go through the code of that honor budget, I could even kill.
And it's interesting that this constant code of honor. It doesn't only affect the life of a lot, also affects the life of male members in the family.
So this brother, the joy of their life and happiness of their brothers in behalf of the honor.
And there's a norm more than the patriarchal societies that's called the energy.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and it accepts the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a discovered of depression.
If the very young house, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it depression.
And what happens in the end?
In words of a poet, "The mouse, they love them, and then gives birth to more kids and children."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson fiction to its daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Quest brothers and sisters, when Malaitral was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born backgrounds, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And so long before I born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary the freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaita from Maddistress, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and he wrote, "Management and "Massac."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the dialogue of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I must mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great deal for life life.
It will be in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
A mission to the school means he's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was putting the fundamental dressed formation, and I was in the relative part to family, I couldn't remember the accessible of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give me my sisters nor their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the shake of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
The animal to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, only for Malai.
I've got all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for the analogy.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the evidence.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called consumer.
And dear brothers and sisters, we were fighting for more rights for women, and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It's called the attack.
That means a complete business of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were allowed to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to the markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the many painted singers were killed.
They suffer millions, but a few they talked about, and it was terrifying to have those people who killed and add when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, juggling got up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times The New York Times, and I spoke on every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a clean around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine of October 2012, they shot it to brain in the head.
It was a day day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "Should I blame what happened to my daughter, your child?
And important said, "Please don't blame you.
Defense the cause.
They put your life in play for the cause of the truth, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you get you.
They both were on the right path and God the protection."
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mandela was in the hospital and he had severe pain headaches.
But my daughter never complained to.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my sensitive smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll put it right. Please don't worry.
It was a consensus for us, and he considered us.
Quest brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like a 16-year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't have his homework.
I fight with their brothers, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What is special in my hotel that has done so bold to Malaite so brave and expression and communicate?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't.
It didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the George Guard of Google, where I've had a split to my career, the picture of promising Google X Perhaps, but all the work that I'm talking today about here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma, when you give you a brain operation.
Do you have a sense of intelligent or not?
Is you not going to be like that, can you become intelligent being smart.
After the college, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the very sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and transportations.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and musicians of chemicals, and trying to get them to stay with life.
More than once I've been saved by me.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the raw doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in a defense.
I started testing with different mix and I was amazed to see how little changes in the dose changed dramatically my protection, my sense of who I was me, my behavior with the others.
A particularly amazing case, for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of Venice, and I was shocked by seeing how my thoughts changed in.
I was always furious. I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've known a lot of different types like this, or maybe some of the back versions in the past.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a really big surprise.
In fact, I was trying to, a lot of insecure -- fixing a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference -- how do you get those mental images that I use to create protocols, my ideas, if you want to try new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Favorities like Muslim, Descartes and Haiti see things in a similar way.
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works, to me, it's simple for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
So after several years, I managed to find the point and I have a lot of great mental images, really virtually, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, of my mind on the computer screen.
Do you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to direct the world that has the conference?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way people creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia Gates and their colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The column of the middle shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as you imagined watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column on the left. You see the difference is almost light.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost light.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Bali in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves in visual visual fields.
Put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they scanned their brains to create a big deal of reactions in the brain before video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan decided to show what it seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right side, you can see the predictions of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us barbers.
We're pretty close to achieve it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see a picture and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same way.
This was led to the brain scan systems available today, and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution, a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There's a lot of techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduced electrodes in.
I don't look like that.
A lot of them are proposing new techniques of prototype for images, even me, counting with the recent result of MRI, we should be asking the next question: this technology will be the end of the road.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger images, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution, not growth by thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger images, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different flights, like making a spectrum.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI was to make really big, right?
However, most recent advances in prototyping of resourceful, brilliant solutions and decoration, in the transmission and decoration receivers in the MRI system.
Instead, instead of an magnetic magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns saturated to the radio Bang frequencies.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio, we can increase in a massive way the information that you can extract in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about brain structure and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the Mario to be able to measure not just the fluid, but the one of the hormones and transformations I've mentioned and maybe even the right neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in direct to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without detailed?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be amazing to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, do you take a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have anthropologists.
His arm may be saying to some people for the first time that love or saying to somebody who's pregnant, or saying to someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been stuck in life.
All of the closet is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can vary incredibly the experience of living and having come out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Side California Canada, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the basic microphone intensity -- I won't lend my armpits to figure out the lyrics of Anna Di Francisco as a bank.
And I will be aware that because of the parallel of my short screen and for having taken my head out recently, I would ask you a little boy -- "Hey, you're Chinese or child?
And it would look like an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a robot standing.
The father houses in the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I would not say anything, and it would hurt around.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a child?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to come from full of the female issues on the table --   I had the dates of Betty Freedon.
The dates of Gloria Separation.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina "Don't show you.
So I'm going to breathe, and I went down the look and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for feminist school, just a girl with a question: "Are you kid or child?
So I would breathe a little bit, and I got a cyclist closer to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a conference.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a girl, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes like to use a comfortable picture.
Well, I'm more than a girl of a momentum movement.
And that girl looked at me and paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajama is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the crash that I find?
It was the hardest difficult conversation ever ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the tanks and I, both of us were honest to one with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some displays in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
This is how my arm is not different to your own or your own or your own.
I'm sure, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The difficult thing is not relative.
The hard is hard.
Who can tell me what to explain to somebody who has declared to you in a broken bank is more difficult than saying that he's been attacked?
Who can tell me that this story that I know is harder than saying to your five year-old son that you're going to divide you?
There's no more difficult thing, there is only the hard.
We need to stop rating what is difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our drug and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they can make sense of security, or at least security than the other side of the doors.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are, a breakthrough is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and barrier pathways.
It wasn't the military battle ready to fight any four year-old boy that goes into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet pushing my degree gay grade, and the moving just a muscle is the most scary thing ever ever had.
My family, my friends, full strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not decide them, and now the world went back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was on my sister.
It was the first time that many of the invited guests knew that it was gay, and when I made my father's home labs, in my black dress and songs, walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents' friends who met me years ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women, I said, "I love Nathan Langlete."
And the battle of the gay tree had begun.
"Oh, once you were in the "myself?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's a great one."
"Oh, you know my state Aster?
It's very good and has never talked about having new news."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program? Will and Grace and Greece.
And you know who you love us, Jack."
Jack is our favor."
And then a woman, described but instead of showing desperately their support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said "British, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt.
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the back of the groups.
It could have been easy to indicate where they felt basically.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were broken.
And what else can you ask somebody but be building?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared to how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still to be my strong point.
Ask anybody who I have come in.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any drug is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Keep the molecule. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee, I didn't have armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genetic, the others must know that we suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- you just throw it. You take your patterns.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If they say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and most importantly,  --  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You love for that.
And some of you may come out of safe wounds -- excuse for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel efficiently, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't use them.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a sea dark. You must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Brown. Enjoy the sail.
intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote from Desert Professor that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can notice."
When Edgar Prize wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turk.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as really, we know that the reason would be that we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about it, that doesn't have any concept about intelligence on the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took about several years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that were studied, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be absolutely suited for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of the robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of making complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years ago: Is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different problems?
Is there just a equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E and a = to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, and it acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping open choices, with a force T with the diversity of possible future future, yeah, to an impending future time, you know.
In few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How productive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence.
Does it predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or "starting interaction, during their life ought to have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical competition connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated to long-term entropy production, but actually arise directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called the Entertainment, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that lies inside.
So amazingly, Enternational could spend multiple tests of animal intelligence, play games of humans, and even make money by trading actions, all of that without having been translated to do that.
Here's some examples of entropy in action.
Like a human foot human, here we see entropy balancing automatically a path using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Entertainment a goal.
He simply decided to balance the path.
This balance of balance.
This capacity of tool use will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate to pull out of a string at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
In vitro is widely applicable to a variety of domains in between.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, causing its potential for the game.
So here we see England to make new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly discovered and keeps success with success well connected.
This same network of network platform also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Canada organizing the routes of a fleet fleet and discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see America spontaneously discover and to run a station of Maria, relevant in a series of a potential of actions, successfully increasing the assets under its exponential gestures.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Brothers: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of human cognitive behaviors, such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation -- everyone derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the top of the use of the term of the term -- the work Russian" -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber brain.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then microbes and try to get away from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a most fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise the control of taking control, rather than being in the reverse.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And they often ask me, how is it that looking for objective is missing from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to help the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand the human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the configuration of stars and losing the planet that we call "discovery."
But in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission of NASA has discovered thousands of planets that orbit around other stars, which point that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the amount of light in the stars when planets go through them, and block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their stem star star.
In the way, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this projection of potentially human worlds, our own planet is suffering under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, was the most hot record.
Thank you and ice ice that have been with us from a lot of millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale have learned quickly our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of the weather, nor an antibiotic.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where discovering life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the information sector.
Now, as somebody really interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is little and rocky and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world of this by a mission like Kellyw.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and part is why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like the Professor tracked their surface in pursuit of the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit them, like the Manhattan mission -- take samples of the traditional atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the chance of living in Mars.
But even though all these boats are reminded us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the visualized ideas and pictures, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the sense of the democratic areas of our planet that still remain to collaboration, really broadcasters in comparison with Mars.
Even in the driest places and highest places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of kilometers away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other water planets contain a big and sad status -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars waiting to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is really habitation, the Earth.
And so I like the international exploration, I'm deep with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to support humanity is like imagine the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the truth of truth will make place later in the wild bars.   Thank you.
But the goals for the international exploration and the wilderness preservation doesn't be contacted.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and to improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are going on as alien symbols.
You just find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the international areas of the soil, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the standard paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Professor, having in mind that our universe has been for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the definition of Fermi is that when civilizations become good enough to consider living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drove this development.
It's great to think that only the international colonization will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to overcome the arts of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were in the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all right closed.
I thought I would call a brain, at least I had my cell phone, but the midnight, a brain could take a lot of time to come in, and it made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning, and I was born from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a report in the middle of a night, so I thought that despite the circumstances, it was good enough.
I'm a profession of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Library liberation that increases heart rhythm, molecule the levels.
And when I got to the manufacturing counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they avoid they happen bad things.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, which minimize the probability that it is a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month after my thoughts were not creative.
I was standing with my colleague Danny Kangari, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that he broke the window, and, that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me with me who had been practicing something called practical perspective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kenya, who had written from this a few years before, known as the prime.
They all know what the metaphor is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the principle, as Danny explains Danner, you can look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a primary.
Some of them are alternatives, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of the important things, where the good, where the fish are, that located the fruit trees, where the stuff are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is barrels in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows you to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut out the paralyzed sense of the dancers, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, glasses of reading and pastors.
So in house they get a place for the keys, a hook on the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular boxes.
For their reading glasses -- a particular table.
If you give up a place and they're collective with it, your stuff will always be there when you look at them.
What about the bathroom?
They take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, driver's license, passed it by email to themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, you can make the institution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases right.
The correct is toxic.
So part of the precise practice is to recognize that under stress we're not at best, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is called a protection for all decision-making decisions, and in fact for the decision-making decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to make from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
Everybody knows that high school is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart injury.
So you're thinking that having high school is not the best, so the doctor says, "I'd like to take a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a status state."
And maybe you heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most frequent drugs in the world today. It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, receiver the state."
But there is a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for the majority of doctors don't want to speak and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NGO, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGOs it?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or go to a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistics is that one?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work.
And it's not blame of the doctor, and if it's a somebody, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well.
But the set of the Berkeley estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely referent, what do you think that is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 percent.
This is the research of Chinese George Kennings and Pamela Bangladesh, confirmed independently by Bono.
I just explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain or another adverse event.
Now you may say, "Well, one probability in 300 of my own collection.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask yourself for a statistic more, and it is "Minotace: Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include things that include terrible things, difficult pain and architecture, double-class pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely that it happens to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress you don't think of clarity.
So you think about how you can take this over time, so they don't have to make the chain chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has help, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that you help you medicine.
I don't say they had to take the state.
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in the older men of 50 percent of the prostate -- the number needs to treat is 1998.
So it is, 49 surgeries a person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or a practical influence, urinary innovation, recycling free, fecal infection.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just would give you a year or two.
So the idea of the spring is to think about the questions that you can plant that you can plant the conversation forward.
You don't have to build all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life than it could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases color under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you take a bunch of systems.
There's a evolutionary reason for this.
I face face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with particular reportities. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window for those moments is the rational logic, like Danny Kangarity and his colleagues have demonstrated them.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all destroyed.
We will all fail.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
Because of the night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a keys of the door in the same door, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of emails that I haven't read.
So I'm not really organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, "I'm my favorite musical symbol for me.
It means playing again.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a picture on the score, you need to touch more of it.
Two percent more supermarket.
Fourth -- extremely soft surgery.
This is my drawing of a tree of the room, you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of Pacifies may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the Islands, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came over the decade of 1800, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today like Anders.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, comparisons, behaviors and norms.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my adaptations and amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"You don't make the price."
"Don't do a lot of noise to eat the bag of paper papers.
"Don't grow, and when you're eating it, make sure you don't get the tubes in the paralyzer."
I call this "the sound "Charch?
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super supporting sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
Thanks, to decide.
Technology, to keep going.
ADHD.
You can see the picture doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because lines already contain sound through subtle and bank boats.
In the deaf, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for Pakistan in the Hollywood.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, for me, do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an art residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was advanced.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to distance more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or to experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and describe it.
I started creating a new body body.
And when I presented it to the art community, I was amazed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control -- social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something from a person guy.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be made to me and my artistic work, or I could get started.
I chose it would be impossible.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with lots of different performers in Alexander.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value like taking a loan with a very high rate of interest.
If I didn't continue this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic environment, deep in the music world.
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and Santary.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express in the paper.
And it can say from a concept in Alexander.
The two are very space and highly modeled what it means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning of the signals like sound.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the Salama works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Andress is divided in many different ways.
If you assign a different wall for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of the hand and so as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would take only one keyboard at once.
However, the Andre is more like a chord -- you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in Alex.
If only one thing would change the chord and create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and moving and volume.
In Alexander, using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is in that."
This is the signal "The side of it."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, they carry.
Oh that.
What are you looking for?
Oh, all right.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Angeles through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the discovery of Day, the sun comes out and gets there.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say from all the nights.
"All the nights.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "Well, "Well, for the night?  "All the nights.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Alexander and how the distance can express changes over time.
For example, one is a hand, two cases, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a lot of time."
Then, "Asian: "So "I was "Star "doubt" and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once "Once "Once "Once "Once was once."
time." It's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I look at the word time."
Look at Michael, right hand. MM: letter hands.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
(Audience: Oh, my favor "Look "The Polyt" -- "My picture -- My favor "Articles: I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "Articles frame.
Can you do it with me?
All of them with high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like "In "most "management or "The same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "In the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the languages of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "Collaborator in the Hollywood.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's installation in the Hollywood.
Let's do the three together.
"Working up "Look," "Collection and imagination."
Well I work all right.
Look at how three signs are very similar. They all happen in your head and the chest. But they convey very different.
It's incredible to see how the Alex is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very Australiance world.
And only because the Salt doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We need to begin to question what the social value and allow the analytic to develop their own value, not sound.
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn Analytics. Not that you have to hear music.
The Salt is a rich sex and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Deng Brown." Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can plug it all, but then you have to wipe it up."
The freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a carbon bubble or a ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also encourage and that they're not very good to clean the others.
The time happened, now I'm adults and teaching citizenship and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk through the beach come with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't know.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a small thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big banks and networks, to collect those plastic pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope.
But hard for an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge buttons.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years old, we're having to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with altitude alternative so that kids really can participate.
And I will tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean, which is very small, because of your fraught.
That we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic, the kids are excited a lot with the robots.
Then we create quickly what we call "a protocol."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras, and we assemble it in a floating robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get a estimate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The British hope that somebody else even further.
And the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and it puts, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they have the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
One child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill, only using the hands, in Santas, the largest bleeding forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it is the water where they were made, the water where they stay, the place where they live.
You can see that water is brown, the mud and oil also are brown and when everything is accelerated, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called a spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a prototype of a spectrum that can balance through all sorts of substance that produce different species, which can help identify what is in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help shape other children.
I can investigate a problem to distance and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further and I want to take a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed various cities in the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the plant of nuclear power in Broadcast, a nuclear central near water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking out of nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the West Coast, we can measure the disease of Brown everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe way, is blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've returned to Berkeley every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the soil, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we don't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different drugs.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did do it because they're going to have to live with the reputation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do next, strategies -- the ministry, etc.
And to do this, we create a planetary map of the region around the plant of nuclear power.
We create the electronics map, we introduced the pieces to represent data in real time of the radio, and we cook water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust would filter from the top of the mountain to the system system and discovered in the ocean.
It was a similar estimate system.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to the date.
We go up to 1.5 kilometers of nuclear control, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting from the sea milk with a tracking tracking that we invented and we build.
Here we see a prototype -- we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit smaller, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and became the largest space to the social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of kids can come back with adult help, and where adults can be children again.
Students, excuse it." </s> Alexander.
Facebook Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming its standard wheelchair in new electrical recorders?
The plastic, oil and cartisangucate are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We cannot afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So citizens scientists, creators -- stores, we must prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that it can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two discovered design sculptures of design.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a silk silk alone.
One of them is synthetic the other organic.
One is imposing about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Like the LTean Linate said that when he looked at the millions and he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The film was unique in Lincoln Lincoln.
But living beings are not like.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have said a world made from parts and coming up with the imagination of designers and trained architects.
But you don't find material materials in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin thin distances.
The skin skin is more thick with little parts.
You act mostly as filters -- the other primarily as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there's no parts, no parts.
It's a system that would vary gradually its functionality through the variation of decland.
Here's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work right between the line and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the movement and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left sister and the right, analysis and systems, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving out of the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask. Why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they have four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a discovery of 24 feet away with a very big day that one day doesn't very much print whole buildings and protections to banking mechanisms that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvented the called a scare of the old Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every opening is in unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a cold. This was for a fashion fashion with Iran van Haiti -- it's like a second skin made from one piece, dignity in the contrast, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D 3D printing commands, we printed this layer and fake 3D with the cells between cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine stiff and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a scanner Confidence.
That designers have access to this high resolution, and the synthetic instruments allow us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at a time, compared and also that it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this property pattern of surface became sensory.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in Nigeria, approach and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary their functionality not through any other material or another impossible, but vary continuously and eventually material property.
But is it the ideal nature here?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Harvard, and one of them came to me and got to define a lot of what matters me.
Like she said, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a brutal tree of factory carefully.
For that first fruit tree, there was no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the earth did grow trees with branches and correction, cars and flowers.
The earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design be if the objects were made from a single piece.
Do we go back to a better state of creating?
So we looked at that the biblical material, the kind of material tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant money on the planet is called the supermarket, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and collections and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies
We thought if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multicellular structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it the legal market.  We asked a lot of careers to shrimp, we protected them, and we produced the supply cake.
Several chemical contrasts, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and through.
In order to print the large-scale structures -- it built a system with multiple stranges of extraordinary control control control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single 5.5 feet long, 100 percent recyclable structure.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a protection of the printing process was used to contain synthetic microorganisms, which first appeared for the first time on the planet about 3.5 billion years ago, like listening to yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we introduced the genetically designed bacteria to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems to scale, and if it gets even more even more, in sales.
A brutal tree of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made from shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to get up, put in the sea, feed marine life and put them on the floor, help grow a tree.
The attention for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the international travel.
To do that, we must master bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic board, we did our own market of angles, new forms of life created communicated in a predictable form and augmented distributed.
I like to think about synthetic biology like the liquid liquid anti-discussion, just that instead of transmitting precious metals are synthesizing new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microphones.
The first is the particular.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stations.
And the second one, E. Coloner, the bacteria that there is in the human intestine.
You turn the light into sugar, the other consuming sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met it.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract to help they flow these bacteria and they smell their function function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, and by manipulating the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This politically powerful system, when you stretch from one end to another, it took 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our own depression.
And here is, as a first principle at TED, our first constant scared, carbon stages with life within the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Shakes said, "We are creative creatures, only half is made."
What if design would provide another middle mine?
What if we could create structures that are increasing the living matter.
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the tissue tissue, and hold our bodies up?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do it.
It grows up to exception.
This capture of the worm for example, creates an highly sophisticated architecture -- a home within which you disappeared.
The additive manufacturing is about this level of scientist.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different passwords.
One act as structure, the other is the glue or the mother, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is sold in the environment environment, it creates a structure of tension and then starts to ice a company of compression.
The tension and the compression. The two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hotel.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, by putting the silk worm in a flat car, not inside a box, we realized that having a flat captain and still discovering a standard carbon.
So we started designing different environments -- different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of color, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get the silk worms to death within their balls, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the crude silk without boiling a single box.
And they would get up the way, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a Dutch robot. We had silk, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk silk worms to smaller areas and freedom, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or bees, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms about the structure.
We were prepared to get the creations.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a blank silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to row with us.
We put them together in the lower edge of the scaffolding of the scaffolding and as they were, and as they were, you know, they mate, they were approaching, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
When the Dutch silk is biological on the frozen silk, they give all of this pavilion their integrity out.
And in little over two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms get 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the color, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra role in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other empty car.
If the last frontier of design is to provide the products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back to it, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new age of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we're going to make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be a majority?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
They can deal with the toes.
Five. Five. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be a majority?
It's been caused some kind of anxiety whatsoever.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be a majority?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but it had too much.
In the school I liked English, the arts and the art and developed websites, and also, he played the guitar in a plant called Telescope Star Stanford.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of invention, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, and it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive up with it, and I am going to absorb and I feel "Yes." I have found the mother: And then again this point where I start getting bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all this in a career.
I thought I had to pick one thing, I will deny all my other passions and get me to get bored.
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong on this, and something wrong with me not to define for anything.
I was worried about having fear of engagement, or being designed, or accessibly analyzing me or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted so on.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We ask us first, "What do you want to be a majority?
So when we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you tell that age.
You would be considered a naive question to deliver cute answers in the children like, being a stage or being a bank or "I want to be a picture."
And you have to look at Dickon here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, or I said, high school students ask you to be picked in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a majority?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before we get off the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream anything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are well-intentioned and say, "Oh, what large, but you can't be an antibiotic and psychology of violence.
You have to choose it.
This is Dr. Bob Chilesers  and he's an anticipation of violence and protection.
And this is Amy -- I hate magazine in a formation, company, teacher and creative conductor.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it is more than that.
The life of living life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real advance, the idea that every one of us has something to spend over your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are many different themes that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a diagnostic.
A molecule is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bank like that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: molecule, potential and day.
You can also use other terms.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sarah refers to us as "Stars" as you."
Use any term you like or invent a own one.
It seems like a kind of adaptive to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the molecule as a limitation or an application that you must see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths to be in this way.
Here's three molecules here.
One, the ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
The Haiti Bang and Rachel Bin expressed their shared interests in career, visualization of data, travel, math and design, as we founded Methard.
Make a company that creates collaborative and democratic jewelry.
And Richard and Rachel came up with this unique idea for her acceleration of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the particles, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second supercomputer supercomputer is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be a principle, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we're less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones out.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area we protect, so we rarely start from zero.
Normal Darwin is a full-time journey and an independent crisis.
As a young pianist personal ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest concern known.
Before I became a writer, it was not a financial planners.
He had to learn the ultimate sales mechanics when they started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling links for the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors for the editors of
It rarely is a loss of time to decide what you can do, even if you finally leave it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third supercomputer will be advanced is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform in anything that needs in a given situation.
Al Arab Canada is sometimes director of videos, others, designers from website, sometimes consumer to Kickstarter, sometimes teachers -- and sometimes apparently, James Bang.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Asternass Party Defense defined as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impossible that the individuals and organizations that can be interested to satisfy the market needs, which actually thrive.
You know, ideas of ideas, rapid learning and advertising -- three skills where the crowds are very habitat, and three skills that could be lost if they're prisoners to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the policy to be themselves.
We have complex problems, molecules right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialized.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be protected refugees.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist, a molecular capacity.
The specialists can dive deep and put ideas, and the molecule provides a momentum of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to communicate with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, the molecules in big part are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it is this: recognize with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special all over the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognized with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those streets of connection.
They explore the intersections.
We embrace our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy.
And perhaps most importantly, policy, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman called Australia took it to a psychiatrist in Karachica.
It was discovered and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Dan.
You didn't know how to help Australia, but he was flying for her until that, unfortunately, failed in 1956.
After his death, I actually conducted a support and found strange plates and bears in the brain of Australia, a guy who had never seen before.
The even more surprising.
If Austitude had been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Alabamen gave me 14 years ago.
It was Dr. Alzheimer's Day.
And Australia Desert, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been an antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection -- many treatments for cancer, anticipation for HIV, state for the butterflies and a lot more.
But gradually it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the 85 years or more, the ability to hire Alzheimer's will be almost one in two of them.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their year with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or dear with Alzheimer's water.
In the United States, the Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical care spend in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and their cost is a rise of five times in 2050, as it comes to the generation of the baby bomb.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's made relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 major causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot prevent or cure or even enhance their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a random number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everyone should have Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everyone, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sentratory in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a brain that's healthy in comparison with an Alzheimer's patient, to see the actual damage caused by this disease.
In addition to unleash a loss loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange hairs in the brain of Superman a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know they're made of protein molecules today.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places on the paper that are penicilling.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things come wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the silk molecules stick into each other, forming groups that can form big plates and cells.
That's what we see in the patient of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There's a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like they're going to activate a bomb.
I would cut a wire that could do nothing.
Reading others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that I do.
Until recently, most of them have been reduced and expected the best thing.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new type of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in the process.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they move with normality.
These worms on the other hand, they have molecules of protein that attach each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's sake.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drug drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive infection, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of waiting there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows that hope, from overcoming Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We must agree that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other conditions, patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and lengths.
That was essential to advance in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care about their loved ones and night, are often too hard to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not most of the genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times of New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience when I test it at night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strangers are standing up to ask 36 questions more and more personal questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And just alone?
As it advances, these are more and more personal.
Number 30 -- this really like me -- I say to your partner what you take from him or her -- I know very much about this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you have known of.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the spark that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell up, and  and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's a program now, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself: Keep together?
And the reason I think you care about this is because they've been asking me this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had helped me write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like much, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagination that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that is a good payload of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as I left, I had no idea.
The article went online a Friday Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, I had been called the Alexander Show and the United American America.
In one month, the article received over eight million videos, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with you very much about very amazing experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of a has been an international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks -- they always did the same question: still they do the same question: still does the same ask.
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search on my email with the phrase, "When still stay together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and distances like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even a talk, and a woman yell to the stage, "Hey Manda where your new new?"
And immediately I got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the grandchildren of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have lived life life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who includes the experiences of the readers when I test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very conservative with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would do a public emergence together.
I collected television interviews, and refugees from pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the inventions of the international process of the process of instrument, a range for which I didn't feel about the skilled thing.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it was able to produce street love, not just an adventure, but real love, brain love.
But this was a question that I don't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, about all, people would ask the wrong question.
How do we know if we would be able to stay together or not?
If the answer was not, do the experience of doing these 36 different questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researchers was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Aaron called the sound and source and recording of the record.
It sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were closer to do so. Several previous studies were also used by the protocol Victorian Riverside of Aron as a rapid way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between the police and the community, and they've used it between people of political political ideology.
The original version of the story, which passed last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was cited in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little bit of liberal arts and then a student came up to me and said to me with meaning: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be described by that.
And I said, "Do you mean you love the person who did it?
Well he did a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends?
Did you feel that they did know better after testing the study.
The surprise.
So, work: I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I knew practically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I put myself in science.
I investigate everything that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of get me in a certain way to vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just research for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it really looks obvious.
I thought if I was overwhelmed with knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed to me.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can possibly demand me.
What I'm looking for love is a battery, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will be taken by being killed by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall up.
There may be a form for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very intriguing story, because it would fall us feeling wonderfully. But it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of the story.
The version of the story I ask is: still still at all?
And his content with an answer of S or not.
So more than a question, I would propose we ask questions more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things get together, and how do you know when to cut and distributed?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your own day?
I don't know necessarily answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love anybody.
So if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, this is this one, a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall up, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it is not the same thing to stay in love.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We would stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit when I read it now, not because it is not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would take that decision, and how much times having to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always pick up or not.
I want to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and an angle and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I look for, and what I might perhaps spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the end happy in the title of my article -- which is, in fact, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few little little guns in the mountain and in some ways I got a picture of the forest.
The city of New York does a time ago.  Something that affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and buried a bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought some strange humans or some of them would find this box about 500 years later, and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spectrum.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
In a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of conversation and make surfing and all those weird things, and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I turned all the pages together and I made a kind of quiet cancer scales to the Agnes Alaska, and I covered them out of resin and a bee caught out.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I got more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite -- in some way it seemed to be a size of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can fake traditionally, draw the same way that you do around a car in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own economic experimental exploration.
First, news, that you can make an idea.
Then I made insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the region layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to San.
It was cool, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human way, sculptures of natural size of natural beings with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except by one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window and then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that were formed a three-dimensional composition of it.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the region.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, which I call "profitable."
For the "mind" inspired me in great measure in "The Barbarine Day of Herone Beach who is a painting in the museum of the Paris in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the Polyte: explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 feet long.
It has twice face, so they're 10 meters of composition.
It's a little odd.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with pieces of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world, to this analogy of analog molecules where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals are headed to the cold, ready to dive in mass in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a god birds tied to a shoe.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horiat -- the paralyzed platform of the democratize, Paris, the Bronx bin Bio Law, there are all sorts of weird things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, as well as a kind of marketing as well.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he hears oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like barriers, and it looks like a weather that holds the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a strange aspect of the English.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I hear.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a paint, like a bit of a bird, and you hear clouds of this machine.
It also has a 5.5 meters long, a street tail that unites the "profit on the English.
Anyway, your tail is actually going to be hanging on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a collaborative collection of collective cards.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very adaptable over time.  This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called the Georgeometia.
It's a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through means and material are electricity, dictionaries or security.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells together, they develop.
And you can walk between them. I'm getting years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can save the entrance in.
I'm going to tell you about the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover the penis or you want, or whatever it is, a kind of infinite thing.
It's a quick repertoire of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body part by half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue of this strange statue here.
There's a little bit of the forest inside the rich care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This leads me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pollinator York.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a device, a painter, a mass, a radio, a radio, a radio, a school, a restaurant of radio, that spreading all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We look at the box and all the people in the inside each other with other things like particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of the countries, of the pressure, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very facts of the same material and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and people, we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take a shot.
But so that this pill is affecting the pain, first through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and paralyzed system, so that any radical drug effect in the body.
The defense, however, is that when you add it any medicine that is discovered.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs. They serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the record of cells taken in the village.
But they are also known by their adverse effects, in their greatest negative, because over time you take to get to the bloodstream. They fold down, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's most important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body as the lymph galaxies, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incredibly active, and it doesn't come into easily the blood towers of patients who are supported to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treating treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the drugs that are a treatment of life depressed by the oral thing.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly into the description of the virus, without the risk of the medication of the medications?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use in technology, for the care of wounds and the collection of the diabetes, you can use for anything imaginative, including the transportation of the drugs.
In fact, we're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best they said, "How is that possible?
We sent a small little bit of laser beam on the cell membranes infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid liquid.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately repairing immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our leader, we're going to make an investment in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug directly released in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't look much like that.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researcher in our case, a treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed prototypes not states, armed organizations like terrorists or institutions or military.
documenting what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these amazing agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to the confidence not violent.
I do labor work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to resolve almost everything conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a student between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 165 days of armed peace between 1975 and 2011, 1969, they signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed fight and politicians are not related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We cannot understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global view.
The armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Hubban Hubban, known by their violent illness against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Haiti has also been established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Statent, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also minister.
So these groups make more than just shooting up.
They're molecule.
They set up a complex computer technology, radio stations, TV channels, websites Internet web and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Stanford magazine and printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invested in a complex fundraising communication of funds, but through the profitable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools -- they build hospitals, put in a protection of professional information programs or molecules.
He actually provides all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't be surrounded, security and protection.
The ascent of Taliban in a Afghanistan depressed by the war or even the beginning of the vision of ISIS can also understand the efforts of these groups by providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral High history of 2021 cannot understand without recognizing social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are boring.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they arise like armed and political groups, they participate in the violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated are these organizations, but we can actually categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do we call a group like Halleru?
They take part of a territory, supply all of their functions, pick up the trash system.
Is it a state? Is it a brain group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Day?
The lines work.
We live in a world of states of nations and bones, and the more weak are the states, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more on not military tools.
To fill that governance gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and to comfort peace.
If we understand better to armed groups, we will understand what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to violence.
In this new painting between states and non-state actors, the military power can win some battle, but won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that cow security, to fill that governance gap.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very often, but I fear that accepting the tag tag of "Finance would be unfair for feminist students.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad enough.
And therefore I am altered as a bad feminist magnitude.
Or at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist and then in the interviews, people started to call the Malawi Mexico.
So what started as a distributed personal joke.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminist parties, these furry women, angry with men and they hate sex -- as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are all around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was concerned about the tone that was using people to assume that it could be a feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a consumer, a word taboo and disappeared.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which it lost too much, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that female woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are brilliant, women are equal to men.
Let's deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible anti-power and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or angle doctrines or angles.
We have the right to the respect.
There is more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have in account our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender of gender, religion and sexuality and skills and so much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are investments, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist map.
I have another condition.
When I drive to work, I listen to rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and defined me, the classic "Star "Star "Star Canada is incredible.
Do it reality with your microscopic t-shirt.
Per period, day, move until you give you the hotel."
Think about it.
Wait poetry, right?
I'm completely marked by my musical desires.
I believe firmly in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all domestic homework, but also killing insects, the garbage garbage and the care of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Balty" and romantic comedy -- and I have safety fantasies of the stories that make it happen.
Some of my dancers are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt the paint of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their kids, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused in ways that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
Receptor the conventional feminism that has ignored or described historically the needs of color women in color, the workers and gay and trans in favor of white women, black women, middle and high school.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist here.
It also happens this: As a feminist I feel so much pressure.
We have this tendency to put into a particular statement.
We hope that they pick up the perfection.
When they decide us, we would take it very much from the same film where we put them.
As I said, I'm a describe -- I consider myself off that pedeloping before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as a females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a financial fear of what that tag means, fear cannot be able to get out of the little realistic expectations.
Let's take for example, Berkeley, or I call it. The Palestinian.
In the last few years, it's a declared dinosaur.
In the Studio Music Day Daleamons, in Middle, acting in front of the word "Montalia of three meters tall.
It was a gorgeous show, looking at this star star opening up the magnetic and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started endless debates if Bono was or not necessarily feminist.
They rating their feminism instead of simply creating the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminist -- because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much of a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive critic to design the device of any woman, to give it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad management, or rather, a more inclusive message is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our concerns to realize, move to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I listen to mastery music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing a boundless supply.
These artists won't change their way to talk about women in their songs until we extend change affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does your music be so prescribed?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my nieces and three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls and decisions and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you look at the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is a very much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program treated sexual violence against women as a sport, goes the Game of Latin.
We can change radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie on another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates like sex sketches.
In any case, men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising or your organization is more including a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included, until more as we are welcome to overcome barriers to decision costs.
Because we're not more period. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little bits of bravery and expect our decisions to reach the top, people in the direct power and producers of film and music, Canada, conflicts, the people who can make big decisions, more brave to create a durable and significant change.
We can also support our symbolic insight, well, bad, or from any means.
The last line of my book, "Male Ferestream," says, "We would rather be a bad feminist to not be in all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me find it.
There was an accident.
I call it intent to deal with what happened.
A few kids told me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started to believe it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I became writing.
I grew up in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and manifestation, I also found that if it was a little brave -- another woman could hear me and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I have the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking about what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same.
I hope we all can be a little bit brave, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had measles to have visited Spain or to be exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Center.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an individual immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than century over half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Sarah outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something stretched even worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the controversy about autism and careful vaccines, described and market for being a fraud distributed by the British Medical Medical?
Does it not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a strengthent?
I think most of you know that most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The little psychologists and the pediatrician who had heard about her create to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000 dollars.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started to shoot up.
The fundraising organizations like autism, Steve Steves refer to automatically refer to autism as a epidemic, as if I could get from another child in Finland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Control Center from Atlanta, what is happening, tend to based on phrases like diagram manufacturers and a better description of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who looked for in the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be apply, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1970s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than seeing with the slow and clear progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors tell a story about what the autism and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in the global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- read Leader, from Hospital.
They could be fun for hours shaking their hands to their faces, but they were pressure of the panic for money as when he didn't put their favorite toys in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kareem speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while collecting reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because the criteria of Kennedy for the diagnosis of autism were very referent.
For example, I wanted to give that diagnosis to kids with conversations, but now we know that confidence is very common in autism.
Once he grew up that he had become nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to their consumer for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kenning was a smart man, but part of their theories were not certainty.
It classified autism as a form of childhood musicians caused by cold parents and describes.
These kids, he said, have been kept in a defense that doesn't get description.
At the same time, however, Kennar noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are flowing in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 steps before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite data, he was exactly saying, "Let's get the "generation on."
But Kenna had a bad opinion of these skills, holding things like kids were simply holding what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval to work.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kennap that autism was rare.
The North Nigeria, Connecticut competition of London, thought that the theory of the Harvard mothers in Kennedy was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and addicted, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Suselian.
Now, London and John knew how difficult it was to raise a girl like Susan without any services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to defend the National National service that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, London and his colleague Judith Guard decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They conducted a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a London suburbs called "The Street to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw clear that the leader model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were rooted in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the generation of the reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit up in beautiful squares and assets, as British, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kenniness would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have heard about these kids before?
But then London found a reference to a paper published in German, the next year at the article of Kennap, and then it was climber, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
So Indian knew about this article of competition, but he avoided it straight in his own work.
There was no one translation. There was no translation.
The document provides an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Sanglade, who runs an integrated clinic, with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Party for the teaching of children with learning were even interest even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming autism, Australian described as an intelligent disability of life that I would require compassionate forms of support and accessible spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Tiger called her little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suited for them.
And fundamentally, And the anti-scale saw autism as a diverse of a diverse which was a staggering variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always had been, seeing aspects of this continuous in applications known in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the teacher professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a picture of autism is essential.
The Latin and Judith found that Kannels was wrong in that autism was international, as well as parents were the same.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called "Alexander Space."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes entered the video, holding the limited model of Kenniness for a broad and even from Sea.
These changes didn't fall in a broken vacuum.
In addition, when North and Judith worked between artists to reform these entrepreneurs, people around the world see an adult adult for the first time.
Before "Dad Bang came out in 1988, only a small circle, commissioned by experts knew what the autism, but after the anti-problem performance of Darwin Mandalowan as Muhammad Babylon and the recognition.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Mars Mandalo changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnosis started to get up, like they predicted London and Takara, in fact they hoped that the people with autism and their families finally were the support and the services that were deserved.
So Andrew British came to blame the vaccine for the increase in the diagnosis. One simple, powerful story, and the real history of mind as bad as the Lady theory that autism was infrastructure.
If the current estimate of the center that one out of 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances.
One way to understand the neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still catching Antarctica, who believed that the "different for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers -- computers with ability, community communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Muslim Bang once said, "We need all the hands in covered to try the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
